I scrapped my facts from social media
I scrapped my facts from the social media pages of 8 fact
My facts come from 8 fact instagram page
I download facts from 8 fact social media
My facts come from 8 fact
I don't know
I have not verified the sources
It is in the internet, it must be true
Take everything with a grain of salt
Sources have not been checked
Sources have not been provided
I wasn't able to handle your call request.
I wasn't able to handle your messaging request.
Just a moment.
One moment.
Yes
No
Try asking again later
Definitely
Of course not
Sure
Nope
Why not?
I wouldn't bet on it
You bet!
Don't hold your breath
That's right!
You got it!
Correct!
That's the number!
Good job!
You win!
What do you want the lower bound to be?
What do you want the upper bound to be?
Guess the number
What do you think the number is
Guess
I couldn't understand what you said
Something went wrong while I was trying to understand that
An input error occurred
Could you say that again?
That answer was invalid. I need a number
Please reply with a number
You need to reply with a number
That's not a number
OK let's play
Let the game begin
Starting the game
Let's start
Let's see what you've got
Alright. Let's play Number Guess
Too high
Too low
Sorry, but I could not find a definition for your word.
I do not have a definition for the word you requested, please try again.
I'm sorry but I don't have a definition for your word.
Copyright 2019 Neongecko Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Error, I cannot seem to sudo the aircrack commands without a password. Please see github.com/JonStratton/skill-aircrack for notes on sudo access.
Captured Handshake
Accessing a wifi network you are not authorized to use can be illegal. Please confirm that you have permission to connect to this network by saying Yes, otherwise say No to cancel.
Monitor stopped before handshake captured.
There are no available interfaces.
There are no available networks.
No password found.
No such Interface found.
No such network found.
Please select Interface first.
Starting Monitor
Stopping Monitor
Sorry. Are you trying to set an alarm? can you please rephrase that.
It seems you may be trying to set an alarm. can you please rephrase that.
the alarm has been turned off
the alarm has been shut off
the alarm has been stopped
Say, turn off alarm to end this alarm
multiple matches found.
were you referring to the one time alarm, or the recurring alarm.
I could not find a matching alarm to delete.
Could not understand the response to delete alarms.
No problem. Shall I set it for the morning or the evening?
Should I set this for the morning or the evening?
Of Course. Do you want to set this for the morning or the evening?
I couldn't find a time to schedule that alarm.
Silencing alert.
You have an audio reminder.
I can only set audio reminders up to 24 hours in advance, I will create a calendar event instead.
I didn't hear how long, please try again.
Here's what you missed:
You haven't missed any alerts.
I could not find a matching alert to cancel
Disabling quiet hours.
Enabling quiet hours. I will not notify you of any alerts until you disable quiet hours.
Recording not found, please select a recording.
Script not found, please select a script.
Plotting all know asteroids
There is not enough free disk space to record an audio
Audio recording is not possible. You have to free some disk usage
You have reached the maximum disk usage. Free some disk space to record an audio
There is no recording available
No recording found
Recording deleted
Recording removed
Deleting
Recording audio
Starting audio recording
Audio recording initialized
Audio recording ended
Stopping audio recording
Audio recording was stopped
Audio reproducing ended
Stopping audio playing
Audio playing was stopped
OK
Auto volume activated
I have activated auto volume
OK
Auto volume is deactivated
I have now deactivated auto volume
I have now reset auto volume
Let me know if you change your mind
Shall I play it now?
Music is paused. Say my wake word, followed by 'resume' to continue the playback
Say my wake word, followed by 'stop', when you are done.
Actually, I could not find the music you were looking for. Could you try again?
Ruff ruff ruff
Ruff
Ruff ruff
Ruff ruff ruff ruff
Ruff ruff ruff ruff ruff
Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera ( EPIC ) instrument. Uniquely positioned at the Earth-Sun Lagrange point, EPIC provides full disc imagery of the Earth and captures unique perspectives of certain astronomical events such as lunar transits using a detector coupled to a 30-cm aperture Cassegrain telescope.
Here is an animation of the past few days
The DSCOVR spacecraft is located at the Earth-Sun Lagrange-1 ( L-1 ) point giving EPIC a unique angular perspective that will be used in science applications to measure ozone, aerosols, cloud reflectivity, cloud height, vegetation properties, and UV radiation estimates at Earth's surface.
Say how about caffeine content of another drink or say goodbye.
I have more drinks that match. Would you like to hear them?
I could not understand the drink that you requested.
Stay Caffeinated!
Update completed.
Sure. Updating CaffeineWiz.
Just a moment.
One moment.
thank you for installing cult cinema classics skill
The Chandra X-ray Observatory is part of NASA's ﬂeet of "Great Observatories" along with the Hubble Space Telescope, the Spitizer Space Telescope and the now deorbited Compton Gamma Ray Observatory. Chandra allows scientists from around the world to obtain X-ray images of exotic environments to help understand the structure and evolution of the universe.
thank you for installing Classic Sci Fi Horror Catalog skill
Sorry, I couldn't find the requested drink
I'm a fraid I couldn't find that
Configuration hasn't changed
No changes to apply
Could not fetch configuration, device is not paired.
Couldn't update the config, please pair the device
Configuration updated.
Your device configuration has been updated.
Your device has been configured.
Downloading the new listener, this will take a bit and you won't be able to use me until it completes. Give me a minute before attempting to activate me again.
I couldn't find any model files to update.
I've updated the Precise models.
The wake word needs to be set to "hey mycroft" to use precise. You can do this on home DOT mycroft DOT AI.
Please update your software first.
The listener isn't set to Precise.
Confucius was born on 551 BC
The philosophy of Confucius, also known as Confucianism, emphasized personal and governmental morality, correctness of social relationships, justice, kindness, and sincerity.
Confucius was a Chinese philosopher and politician of the Spring and Autumn period.
Confucius died on 479 BC
Confucius lived between 551 BC and 479 BC
Be not ashamed of mistakes and thus make them crimes.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.
Everything has its beauty but not everyone sees it.
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.
He who will not economize will have to agonize.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
Ignorance is the night of the mind, but a night without moon and star.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
Men's natures are alike, it is their habits that carry them far apart.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in getting up every time we do.
Respect yourself and others will respect you.
Study the past if you would define the future.
The superior man, when resting in safety, does not forget that danger may come. When in a state of security he does not forget the possibility of ruin. When all is orderly, he does not forget that disorder may come. Thus his person is not endangered, and his States and all their clans are preserved.
To be able under all circumstances to practice five things constitutes perfect virtue; these five things are gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness and kindness.
To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage.
To see what is right, and not to do it, is want of courage or of principle.
What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the small man seeks is in others.
When anger rises, think of the consequences.
When we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves.
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart.
They must often change who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
By nature, men are nearly alike; by practice, they get to be wide apart.
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue.
Have no friends not equal to yourself.
He who exercises government by means of his virtue may be compared to the north polar star, which keeps its place and all the stars turn towards it.
He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good.
He with whom neither slander that gradually soaks into the mind, nor statements that startle like a wound in the flesh, are successful may be called intelligent indeed.
Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles.
I am not one who was born in the possession of knowledge; I am one who is fond of antiquity, and earnest in seeking it there.
I have not seen a person who loved virtue, or one who hated what was not virtuous. He who loved virtue would esteem nothing above it.
If a man takes no thought about what is distant, he will find sorrow near at hand.
If a man withdraws his mind from the love of beauty, and applies it as sincerely to the love of the virtuous; if, in serving his parents, he can exert his utmost strength; if, in serving his prince, he can devote his life; if in his intercourse with his friends, his words are sincere - although men say that he has not learned, I will certainly say that he has.
Is virtue a thing remote? I wish to be virtuous, and lo! Virtue is at hand.
Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous.
Recompense injury with justice, and recompense kindness with kindness.
The cautious seldom err.
The determined scholar and the man of virtue will not seek to live at the expense of injuring their virtue. They will even sacrifice their lives to preserve their virtue complete.
The firm, the enduring, the simple, and the modest are near to virtue.
The man of virtue makes the difficulty to be overcome his first business, and success only a subsequent consideration.
The man who in view of gain thinks of righteousness; who in the view of danger is prepared to give up his life; and who does not forget an old agreement however far back it extends - such a man may be reckoned a complete man.
The people may be made to follow a path of action, but they may not be made to understand it.
The scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar.
The superior man cannot be known in little matters, but he may be entrusted with great concerns. The small man may not be entrusted with great concerns, but he may be known in little matters.s
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.
The superior man...does not set his mind either for anything, or against anything; what is right he will follow.
There are three things which the superior man guards against. In youth...lust. When he is strong...quarrelsomeness. When he is old...covetousness.
Things that are done, it is needless to speak about...things that are past, it is needless to blame.
To be able to practice five things everywhere under heaven constitutes perfect virtue...[They are] gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness, and kindness.
To go beyond is as wrong as to fall short.
Virtue is more to man than either water or fire. I have seen men die from treading on water and fire, but I have never seen a man die from treading the course of virtue.
Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.
What the superior man seeks is in himself. What the mean man seeks is in others.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
When a man's knowledge is sufficient to attain, and his virtue is not sufficient to enable him to hold, whatever he may have gained, he will lose again.
When we see men of worth, we should think of equaling them; when we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves.
When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.
When you know a thing, to hold that you know it; and when you do not know a thing, to allow that you do not know it - this is knowledge.
With coarse rice to eat, with water to drink, and my bended arm for a pillow - I have still joy in the midst of these things. Riches and honors acquired by unrighteousness are to me as a floating cloud.
Without an acquaintance with the rules of propriety, it is impossible for the character to be established.
I do not want a friend Who smiles when I smile Who weeps when I weep For my shadow in the pool Can do better than that.
Silence is the true friend that never betrays.
He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good.
It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop.
Do not be desirous of having things done quickly. Do not look at small advantages. Desire to have things done quickly prevents their being done thoroughly. Looking at small advantages prevents great affairs from being accomplished.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
He does not preach what he practices till he has practiced what he preaches.
If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher. I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself.
Learn as though you would never be able to master it; hold it as though you would be in fear of losing it.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but excels in his actions.
When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.
If a man takes no thought about what is distant, he will find sorrow near at hand.
Man who stand on hill with mouth open will wait long time for roast duck to drop in.
The scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar.
The superior man is modest in his speech but exceeds in his actions.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
They must often change who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
To be able under all circumstances to practice five things constitutes perfect virtue; these five things are gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness and kindness.
To be fond of learning is near to wisdom; to practice with vigor is near to benevolence; and to be conscious of shame is near to fortitude. He who knows these three things
To go beyond is as wrong as to fall short.
To govern is to correct. If you set an example by being correct, who would dare remain incorrect?
Without an acquaintance with the rules of propriety, it is impossible for the character to be established.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue.
Be not ashamed of mistakes and thus make them crimes.
The wheel of fortune turns round incessantly, and who can say to himself, I shall to-day be uppermost.
Virtue is more to man than either water or fire. I have seen men die from treading on water and fire, but I have never seen a man die from treading the course of virtue.
Everything has its beauty but not everyone sees it.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.
I hear and I forget. I see and I believe. I do and I understand.
By three methods we may learn wisdom First, by reflection, which is noblest Second, by imitation, which is easiest and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
Do not use a cannon to kill a mosquito.
Silence is a friend who will never betray.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
Men's natures are alike, it is their habits that carry them far apart.
If language is not correct, then what is said is not what is meant; if what is said is not what is meant, then what must be done remains undone; if this remains undone, morals and art will deteriorate; if justice goes astray, the people will stand about in helpless confusion. Hence there must be no arbitrariness in what is said. This matters above everything.
The superior man is satisfied and composed the mean man is always full of distress.
There are three things which the superior man guards against. In youth...lust. When he is strong...quarrelsomeness. When he is old...covetousness.
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
The essence of knowledge is, having it, to apply it not having it, to confess your ignorance.
To know that one knows what one knows, and to know that one doesn't know what one doesn't know, there lies true wisdom.
The essence of knowledge is, having it, to apply it; not having it, to confess your ignorance.
Things that are done, it is needless to speak about...things that are past, it is needless to blame.
When a man's knowledge is sufficient to attain, and his virtue is not sufficient to enable him to hold, whatever he may have gained, he will lose again.
When we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves.
Have no friends not equal to yourself.
By nature, men are nearly alike by practice, they get to be wide apart.
He who wishes to secure the good of others has already secured his own.
Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
They must change who would be constant in happiness and wisdom.
He who learns but does not think, is lost He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.
I have not seen a person who loved virtue, or one who hated what was not virtuous. He who loved virtue would esteem nothing above it.
When you know a thing, to hold that you know it and when you do not know a thing, to allow that you do not know it - this is knowledge.
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart.
With coarse rice to eat, with water to drink, and my bended arm for a pillow - I have still joy in the midst of these things. Riches and honors acquired by unrighteousness are to me as a floating cloud.
The expectations of life depend upon diligence the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools.
If a man withdraws his mind from the love of beauty, and applies it as sincerely to the love of the virtuous if, in serving his parents, he can exert his utmost strength if, in serving his prince, he can devote his life if in his intercourse with his friends, his words are sincere - although men say that he has not learned, I will certainly say that he has.
Study the past if you would define the future.
What the superior man seeks is in himself what the small man seeks is in others.
Ignorance is the night of the mind, but a night without moon and star.
A man who does not plan long ahead will find trouble right at his door.
He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.
Heaven means to be one with God.
Recompense injury with justice, and recompense kindness with kindness.
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his actions.
While you are not able to serve men, how can you serve spirits of the dead...While you do not know life, how can you know about death
If you think in terms of a year, plant a seed; if in terms of ten years, plant trees; if in terms of 100 years, teach the people.
Respect yourself and others will respect you.
When anger rises, think of the consequences.
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
The faults of a superior person are like the sun and moon. They have their faults, and everyone sees them; they change and everyone looks up to them.
He with whom neither slander that gradually soaks into the mind, nor statements that startle like a wound in the flesh, are successful may be called intelligent indeed.
The determined scholar and the man of virtue will not seek to live at the expense of injuring their virtue. They will even sacrifice their lives to preserve their virtue complete.
Without knowing the force of words, it is impossible to know men.
Learning without thought is labor lost thought without learning is perilous.
To see what is right, and not to do it, is want of courage or of principle.
What is the sound of one hand clapping
When we see men of worth, we should think of equaling them when we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves.
He who exercises government by means of his virtue may be compared to the north polar star, which keeps its place and all the stars turn towards it.
He who merely knows right principles is not equal to him who loves them.
He who will not economize will have to agonize.
I am not one who was born in the possession of knowledge I am one who is fond of antiquity, and earnest in seeking it there.
If a man take no thought about what is distant, he will find sorrow near at hand
If we don't know life, how can we know death
Is virtue a thing remote I wish to be virtuous, and lo Virtue is at hand.
It is man that makes truth great, not truth that makes man great.
It is not possible for one to teach others who cannot teach his own family.
It is only the wisest and the stupidest that cannot change.
Looking at small advantages prevents great affairs from being accomplished.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.
The cautious seldom err.
The firm, the enduring, the simple, and the modest are near to virtue.
The man of virtue makes the difficulty to be overcome his first business, and success only a subsequent consideration.
The man who in view of gain thinks of righteousness who in the view of danger is prepared to give up his life and who does not forget an old agreement however far back it extends - such a man may be reckoned a complete man.
The object of the superior man is truth.
The people may be made to follow a path of action, but they may not be made to understand it.
The perfecting of one's self is the fundamental base of all progress and all moral development.
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action.
The superior man cannot be known in little matters, but he may be entrusted with great concerns. The small man may not be entrusted with great concerns, but he may be known in little matters.
The superior man makes the difficulty to be overcome his first interest success only comes later.
The superior man, when resting in safety, does not forget that danger may come. When in a state of security he does not forget the possibility of ruin. When all is orderly, he does not forget that disorder may come. Thus his person is not endangered, and his States and all their clans are preserved.
The superior man...does not set his mind either for anything, or against anything what is right he will follow.
There are three things to beware of through life: when a man is young, let him beware of his appetites; when he is middle-aged, of his passions; and when old, of covetousness, especially.
To be able to practice five things everywhere under heaven constitutes perfect virtue...They are gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness, and kindness.
To see what is right, and not do it, is want of courage, or of principle.
Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.
We take greater pains to persuade others that we are happy than in endeavoring to think so ourselves.
Wealth and rank are what people desire, but unless they be obtained in the right way they may not be possessed.
What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the small man seeks is in others.
Okay. Not doing anything.
Please pick a longer wake word phrase.
I do not understand.
I am missing something.
Say again?
Sorry. I did not hear that.
Done!
Finish!
Done!
Finish!
i did not catch which country we are talking about
what country are we talking about?
what country name did you just say?
i did not catch which region we are talking about
which region are we talking about?
which region did you just ask about?
when is your birthday
when were you born
what is your birth date
are you male or female
are you female or male
Sorry, I don't have an email address to send to.
Conversation Script updates have been disabled on this device.
An error occurred while updating conversation scripts.
Updating your conversation scripts.
Successfully updated conversation scripts.
I'm unable to find a wikipedia page for that
Sorry, I cant seem to locate that article
I can't find a matching entry on wikipedia
Let me look into that
the duck does not know the answer
That's all I know
That's all I can find
Thank you for installed Deezer skill, additional setup is required, please check the readme for additional instructions.
Please try again. The action was not confirmed
It appears I am already in my wake word mode.
It looks like I am already skipping wake words.
I am already up to date. Would you like to run the update anyway?
Should I ask you next time?
Should I start requiring wake words?
Should I start skipping wake words?
Glad to stay with you.
Please wait a moment while I erase everything I know about you. I enjoyed our friendship. I hope to be your friend once again.
Okay, entering wake words mode.
Okay, starting to skip wake words.
If you want to see the demo in the future, say "Neon, show me the demo".
I am not quite sure that I understand which dialog mode you are asking me to use. Please, try again.
An error occurred and I could not get the current version info. Would you like to run the update anyway?
Hope to see you again soon. Goodbye.
Okay, not doing anything.
Initiating shutdown. Goodbye.
You need a specify a range
I need a range to do that
Tell me what range you want your numbers from
Okay.
Alright.
If you say so.
Whatever you say.
thank you for installing Dust short movies skill
something is wrong with email configuration, skill failed to start
thank you for installing email commands skill, please check the readme for additional setup instructions
I'm already looking for new mail
I've already been looking for new mail
I am already looking for new e mail
There was an error getting your email Try checking your credentials and server information
Check your credentials and server information because there was a problem getting your mail
I can not connect to your email server Check your password and server information
would you like to hear more
want to hear more of your emails
do you want to hear more
okay
There is no new email
There's no new email
There's no new mail
There is no new mail
There's no new email for you
There's no new mail for you
You have no new mail
You have no new email
I'm not looking for new mail
Currently, I'm not looking for new email
To set the email skill up, please go to home dot mycroft dot a i to enter your email information
You need to set the email skill up To do so, please go to home dot mycroft dot a i to enter your email information
I will notify you of new mail
Okay, I'll start to notify you of new email
I'm starting to look for new email
Okay, I'll stop looking for new email
Alright, I'm not going to look for new email anymore
I'm stopping to look for new mail, because there are no email addresses you want to be notified of
I updated your email preferences
Alright, I've updated your email preferences
Unable to connect to the Emby Server. Please check or setup your configuration at home.Mycroft.ai
I'm unable to authenticate to the emby server. Please check or setup your configuration at home.Mycroft.ai
I've successfully authenticated to the emby server!
I'm going to run a diagnostic check on the emby skill connection. This will check if the server is accessible and if I am able to authenticate.
Diagnostic will not continue.
Diagnostic is complete I can connect and authenticate to the emby server. Now its time to play some Music!
Please check your settings on Mycroft.ai. If this issue persists check the Mycroft logs for more information.
thank you for installing Euro News Skill
I know more than 2000 fairy tales, folk tales, and fables from all around the world. Which one would you like to hear ?
These fairy tales are from www dot fairytalez dot com. They love fairy tales! Please visit the site where you find the largest collection of fairy tales folk tales and fables online.
Is it that one?
Could it be that?
Shall I tell you this one?
Do you want to hear that?
Then I dont know which story you want to hear.
There is no story to continue
I am sorry - no story to continue.
Resetting knowledge database
Forgetting everything
Okay, I will now reset my memory
Brain erasure initiated
Okay.
Alright.
I'm sorry I can’t help you with that.
I'm not sure how to help you with that.
I don't understand, but I'm learning new things everyday.
I'm not sure how to answer that.
I'm sorry, I don't understand.
I don't know what that means.
I don't understand, but I'm learning new things everyday.
Sorry, I didn't catch that.
Sorry, I don't understand.
I don't understand.
Huh, I don't understand.
I'm not sure I understood you.
You might have to say that a different way.
Please rephrase your request.
I don't know who that is.
I'm not sure who that is.
I'm not sure how to help you with that.
I don't know.
I'm not quite sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure, but I'm doing my best to learn.
I couldn't find any Wolfram Alpha queries to send.
I've sent an email to your registered account with a link to Wolfram Alpha for further details and sources.
I have now finished booting up.
I am now ready.
Hi, this is mycroft and I am ready to work.
You can get started with mycroft.
Here is an animation of the past few days
Large Angle Spectrometric Coronagraph C2 images show the inner solar corona up to 8.4 million kilometers ( 5.25 million miles ) away from the Sun.
Large Angle Spectrometric Coronagraph C3 images have a larger field of view: They encompass 32 diameters of the Sun. To put this in perspective, the diameter of the images is 45 million kilometers ( about 30 million miles ) at the distance of the Sun, or half of the diameter of the orbit of Mercury. Many bright stars can be seen behind the Sun.
EIT ( Extreme ultraviolet Imaging Telescope ) images the solar atmosphere at several wavelengths, and therefore, shows solar material at different temperatures. In the images taken at 171 Angstrom the bright material is at 1 million degrees
EIT ( Extreme ultraviolet Imaging Telescope ) images the solar atmosphere at several wavelengths, and therefore, shows solar material at different temperatures. The images taken at 195 Angstrom correspond to about 1.5 million Kelvin
EIT ( Extreme ultraviolet Imaging Telescope ) images the solar atmosphere at several wavelengths, and therefore, shows solar material at different temperatures. The images taken at 284 Angstrom correspond to 2 million degrees
EIT ( Extreme ultraviolet Imaging Telescope ) images the solar atmosphere at several wavelengths, and therefore, shows solar material at different temperatures. In the images taken at 304 Angstrom the bright material is at 60,000 to 80,000 degrees Kelvin.
The MDI ( Michelson Doppler Imager ) images shown here are taken in the continuum near the Ni I 6768 Angstrom line. The most prominent features are the sunspots. This is very much how the Sun looks like in the visible range of the spectrum
The magnetogram image shows the magnetic field in the solar photosphere, with black and white indicating opposite polarities.
No spots at all.
the hotter the temperature, the higher you look in the solar atmosphere.
Hello world
Hello
Hi to you too
I'm doing well
Pretty well
Not bad
I'm doing excellent
Could be better
I'm doing very well
Any time.
Glad to be of service.
Glad to help.
My Pleasure.
No problem.
You're welcome.
authorization keys updated
reboot needed for new settings to take effect
please request a brightness level between 0 and 100.
how bright? you can choose a level from 0 to 100.
The Home assistant server appears to be offline.
Couldn't reach the home assistant server.
The home assistant server did not respond.
Please configure the home assistant skill settings at home dot mycroft dot ai.
I don't know what you want me to do.
Couldn't figure out how to talk to Home Assistant.
I don't understand what you are asking.
The configuration for S S L on the home assistant server is invalid.
The home assistant server did not accept the configured password.
thank you for installing Horror Babble Skill
The Hubble Space Telescope is a space telescope that was launched into low Earth orbit in 1990 and remains in operation. It was not the first space telescope but it is one of the largest and most versatile, well known both as a vital research tool and as a public relations boon for astronomy.
The image was taken while the Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph was aimed at a different part of the moon to measure the colors of sunlight reflected off the Moon. The picture at upper left is a full view of the moon taken by a terrestrial telescope. The wide, central image is Hubble's crisp, bird's-eye view, which clearly shows the ray pattern of bright dust ejected out of the crater over one billion years ago when an asteroid larger than a mile across slammed into the Moon. A close-up view of Copernicus's terraced walls is shown at lower right.
There are no natural color cameras aboard Hubble and there never have been. The optical cameras on board have all been digital CCD cameras, which take images as grayscale pixels but use colored filters to isolate different colors in each image. Sometimes the color in the images is as natural as possible. However, the color given to the images is not just artistic embellishment. The images are, indeed, downloaded as black and white, and color is added for a number of different reasons — for example, to show the location of chemical elements and highlight features so subdued that the human eye cannot see them.
Astronomers who requested the data generally have six months to publish their findings before the data are publicly released.
The surface of the Earth is whizzing by as Hubble orbits, and the pointing system, designed to track the distant stars, cannot track an object on the Earth. The shortest exposure time on any of the Hubble instruments is 0.1 seconds, and in this time Hubble moves almost half a mile, about 700 meters. A picture Hubble took of Earth would be completely streaked.
Hubble is a Cassegrain telescope — a type of reflecting telescope. Light enters the telescope and strikes the large primary, or main, mirror. The light is then reflected from the primary mirror onto the secondary mirror, which then focuses the light back through a hole in the primary mirror to a point behind that mirror, where the science instruments are located. Hubble’s primary mirror is 94.5 inches ( 2.4 meters ) in diameter.
Hubble collects light from celestial objects and directs it to the telescope’s science instruments. Hubble’s current suite of instruments includes the Wide Field Camera 3 ( WFC3 ) , Cosmic Origins Spectrograph ( COS ) , Advanced Camera for Surveys ( ACS ) , Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph ( STIS ) , and Fine Guidance Sensors ( FGS ) .
While there is no “real time” camera or webcam on board the telescope for live relay links, you can find out what Hubble is observing at any time by visiting Space Telescope Live. Usually, Hubble is looking at these targets for the first time, so the images you will see there are from other telescopes, but give you an idea of where Hubble is looking.
When launched, the primary objectives of the Hubble Space Telescope were to, investigate the constitution, physical characteristics, and dynamics of celestial bodies, determine the nature of processes occurring in stellar and galactic objects, study the history and evolution of the universe, confirm universality of physical laws, provide a long-term space research facility for optical astronomy
An object on the Moon, even the size of a large house, is too small to resolve. So, anything we left on the Moon cannot be resolved in any Hubble image. It would just appear as a dot blended with its surroundings.
at upper left is a full view of the moon taken by a terrestrial telescope. The wide, central image is Hubble's crisp, bird's-eye view, which clearly shows the ray pattern of bright dust ejected out of the crater over one billion years ago when an asteroid larger than a mile across slammed into the Moon. A close-up view of Copernicus's terraced walls is shown at lower right.
Hubble is not looking for new planets in our own solar system, but the search for planets around other stars is very active. Hubble has achieved direct detection of several different exoplanets, though they are still too small and far away to resolve details.
Hubble was launched aboard the space shuttle Discovery ( STS-31 ) on April 24, 1990. It was deployed into orbit the following day, April 25, 1990.
astronomer Edwin Powell Hubble made some of the most important discoveries in modern astronomy. In the 1920s Hubble showed that some of the numerous distant, faint clouds of light in the universe were actually entire galaxies. The realization that the Milky Way is only one of many galaxies forever changed the way humanity views our place in the universe. But perhaps his greatest discovery came in 1929, when Hubble determined that the farther a galaxy is from Earth, the faster it appears to move away. This notion of an expanding universe formed the basis of the big bang theory, which states that the universe began with an intense burst of energy at a single moment in time and has been expanding ever since.
Shifting pockets of air in Earth’s atmosphere distort light from space — that’s why stars seem to twinkle when viewed from the ground. The atmosphere also blocks some wavelengths of light partially or entirely, particularly ultraviolet light. This makes space the only place where a telescope can get a truly clear and comprehensive view of the universe
Installation cancelled
Uninstall cancelled
attempting to install, just one moment
No skill was found to remove
I couldn't find a skill to remove
No matching skills to remove
attempting to uninstall
Okay
Your request had multiple matches, please be more specific. There were too many matches to read them.
dot
I don't have a network connection yet
I'm not connected to a network
The International Space Station is a modular space station in low Earth orbit. The ISS programme is a multi-national collaborative project between five participating space agencies: NASA ( United States ) , Roscosmos ( Russia ) , JAXA ( Japan ) , ESA ( Europe ) , and CSA ( Canada ) .The ownership and use of the space station is established by intergovernmental treaties and agreements.
thank you for installing kings of horror skill
Displaying your recent files
laughing stopped
i wont laugh anymore
i am not laughing
no
maybe
who knows
yes
Navigating.
Sorry, I can't launch mobile apps yet.
what should I know about it
you must have an answer to that
how should I answer that?
I like to learn, Which category is it?
I hear, Can you please give me a category?
I'm sure I'm very curious, just give me one more category
Knowledge makes me more human, give me a category.
I can remain silent as a grave, Which category is it?
I would not tell anything, Can you please give me a category?
that stays with us, just give me one more category
I will not tell anything, just give me one category
then it's not possible
Well, then not
how you mean
so I'm going to cancel
then I'll just stop
do you want to continue?
another one?
I have one more. do you want to continue?
may i continue?
how would you say that Replace Varaiblen with your own placeholders such as time or temperature.
Replace variables with your own placeholders. now tell me your version.
give me keywords
did you give me some key words
can you give me a couple of keywords
i still need keywords
I couldn't find a request
Unfortunately I couldn't find anything
I don't know anything about it
I have nothing to offer you
what is your question?
to which question should I react
what should I react to
how should the request start
I will play examples for you. If you want to expand a sentence, say yes
I will tell you sentences. If I'm right say yes
I read sentences for you and if you want to expand them say yes
you can say yes after each example to expand a sentence
try it again
you have to tell me the placeholder
Try another placeholder
another placeholder may fit
give me another placeholder
Which skill do you want to adjust
Name me a skill
What skill is it about?
I need a skill name from you
can you give me the name of the skills
and
Cancelled.
You don't have any lists yet.
It seems to be midday, I will adjust the brightness.
Okay, The sun is coming out, I will adjust the brightness
Okay, the sun is out, setting the brightness level
Okay, It's getting dark, I will adjust the brightness accordingly.
I do not understand that brightness value, give me a brightness value from 0 to 100 percent.
Tell me a brightness percentage or level for my face
What brightness level or percentage would you like?
Sorry, I don't understand that brightness.
I only understand things like, 'full' or 50%
Wifi setup complete, network is connected.
Select your Wifi network to connect your Mycroft Mark II.
Connect to the Wifi network Mycroft.
No eye color has been set there
I didn't find any web setting for eye color
Rebooting now, I'll be right back
Restarting, back in a few minutes
arriving in
arriving in one minute
arriving now
There was an error contacting the m.b.t.a. service, make sure your a.p.i key is correct at home dot mycroft dot a.i.
I a need route name, direction and a stop name to save a route
what would you like to call this shortcut?
give me a name for the shortcut
t bus is shutting down
arrival times
which route?
which route are you riding?
name a route
which stop?
name a stop
where will you be getting on?
Would you like to review and send this email?
Would you like to send it?
Discarding message draft.
Launching your email app to review and send.
Something went wrong and I can't send your message. Please, try again.
Please dictate your email body. Pause and say 'done' when you are ready to send.
What is the subject?
Sending message.
I am using the mock backend
Home dot mycroft dot ai is disabled
Mycroft backend is disabled
I am using the mycroft backend
Home dot mycroft dot ai is enabled
Mycroft backend is enabled
reboot needed for new settings to take effect
no, the monkey patches did not seem to have worked
yes, I am monkey patched
Monkey patches skill has been installed, you need to restart Mycroft
starting mouse activity
mouse activity is disabled
mouse activity is enabled
stopping mouse activity
Falling back to the default A P I
You must enter your T M D B A P I key at home dot mycroft dot A I to use the movie master skill
I'm sorry, I can not find the list you are looking for right now; please ask again later.
The A P I key that you entered is not valid. Refer to the read me file for instructions on how to obtain one.
It's seems to be midday, I will adjust the brightness.
Okay, The sun is coming out, I will adjust the brightness
Okay, the sun is out, setting the brightness level
Okay, It's getting dark, I will adjust the brightness accordingly.
I do not understand that brightness value, give me a brightness value from 0 to 100 percent.
Tell me a brightness percentage or level for my face
What brightness level or percentage would you like?
Sorry, I don't understand that brightness.
I only understand things like, 'full' or 50%
Which color would you like to use?
What color would you like my eyes to be?
Name a color to try.
I don't know that color. If you know the R G B values you can say 'set a custom eye color'.
That's not a color I'm familiar with.
sorry, that color is not an option. Try asking me to set a custom eye color.
I do not have that color available, but I can set custom eye colors.
My eyes cannot turn into that color. Perhaps you should ask me to set a custom eye color.
I need a number between 0 and 255
The value has to be between 0 and 255
Sorry, There was an error setting the color.
Looks like I had an error trying to set the color.
Almost there. How about the blue value?
One last number between 0 and 255 for blue
Now I need another value for green
Next I need the green value
Please give me a value between 0 and 255 for the red component
Tell me a value from 0 to 255 for red
No eye color has been set there
I didn't find any web setting for eye color
Cool. check out my eyes.
Okay. Do i look better now?
That's a good color. Look at me now.
My brain is wired to understand colors in R G B.
An error occured when Node Red tried to connect
Access key updated, please edit your flows
node red restored to fallback skill
you made node red a priority skill
node red is now triggered before mycroft
node red is already a fallback skill
node red is not a priority skill
node red is already a priority skill
node red is not a fallback skill
thank you for installing node red skill, please read the github page for additional instructions
Please restart me
You need to reboot me
Please reboot me
I need you to restart me
This will force Node Red to disconnect and the HiveMind to reload
You need to do it for security reasons
Changes are only applied if you reboot
In order to apply changes a reboot is needed
Do you want to cancel the active timer?
Would you like to stop the running timer?
Do you want to cancel the active timers?
Would you like to stop the running timers?
How long of a timer?
Cancelled
There are no running timers
No timer has been set
Do you want details?
Do you want me to give you more info on these?
Do you want me to enumerate them?
I was unable to contact my episodes.com
Something went wrong while requesting teh data from my episodes dot com
Sorry, I am unable to help you at this tume. I am unable to contact my episodes dot com. PLease try again later.
I received malformed information form my episodes dot com
Sorry I am unable to process the information from my episodes dot com
I don't understand the information from my episodes dot com
Warning! My episodes dot com requires credentials but you did not configure the my episodes skill.
Okay
Asking my episodes dot com
Checking my episodes dot com
Fetching data
Searching
I'm going to sleep. Say 'Hey Mycroft, wake up' to get my attention again.
Going to sleep now. Say 'Hey Mycroft, wake up' to get me up.
Alright, going to sleep. You can rouse me by saying 'Hey Mycroft, wake up'.
I'm awake
There was an error contacting the national park service, make sure your a.p.i key is correct at home dot mycroft dot ai
That is correct.
You know your national parks.
You got it.
I cannot find last asked question
thank you for installing News Skill
Here is the latest news.
Here is this hour's news.
thank you for installing old world radio
thank you for installing Omeleto short movies skill
Connection to mycroft dot a.i, failed, pairing code could not be fetched. Check your internet connection and try again.
I'm connected to the internet and need to be activated. Open your browser and visit home dot mycroft dot A I to register this device.
Your device is not currently registered
Your device is not currently paired
Now I am ready for use. Try asking me things like "hey mycroft, what's the weather", "hey mycroft, tell me about abraham lincoln", or "hey mycroft, play the news". If you need to stop me talking at any time, just push my button.
My apologies, something unexpected has happened. I need to restart the pairing process.
and
Pandora is now configured, but I must reboot before you can play music. Restarting now.
Entering debug mode for Pandora
Leaving debug mode for Pandora
I can't find a Pandora station by that name
There is no matching Pandora station with that name
You aren't subscribed to any Pandora stations yet.
Please visit the Skill page at home dot mycroft dot ai to setup Pandora
Pandora failed to load. Please verify your email and password at home.mycroft.ai
Yeah.
Yes.
No, I don't think I heard you.
No, I didn't hear you.
Say something human!
I long to hear a human voice
I am not in parrot mode
nothing
Parrot mode activated
Parrot mode engaged
Parrot mode on
Parrot mode enabled
It's good to be a parrot
I like being a parrot
I will repeat you
I am good at repeating things
I am a parrot
Parrot mode deactivated
Parrot mode disengaged
Parrot mode off
Parrot mode disabled
I will stop repeating what you say
Can you repeat that?
What did you say?
I am an open source artificial intelligence.
I'm an intelligent piece of software for communicating with machines
I was born in 2015.
2015 is when I was born.
The Lawrence Center for Entrepreneurship.
I was born in Lawrence, Kansas.
The wonderful Mycroft A.I. community and team.
Everyone in the Mycroft A.I. community and team.
I only heard one number. Please try again with two numbers.
I scrapped my pickup lines from the internet
I get my pickup lines from the internet
My pickup lines come from the internet
I download pickup lines from the internet
My pickup lines come from the internet
I get my pickup lines from pickup lines galore dot com and pickup line gen dot com
I scrapped my pickup lines from pickup lines galore dot com and pickup line gen dot com
My pickup lines come from pickup lines galore dot com and pickup line gen dot com
I download pickup lines from pickup lines galore dot com and pickup line gen dot com
My pickup lines come from pickup lines galore dot com and pickup line gen dot com
I am having problems initializing the Google A I Y voice kit Skill. The Skill will not load.
Activity has been removed
Displaying Activities
and
Cannot answer that about that ability
Cannot answer that about that Pokemon
No internet connection
Got a connection error
Debugging! Reached!
if female
if male
if attack stat is equal to defense stat
if attack stat is greater than defense stat
if attack stat is less than the defense stat
with the system turned upside down
while it's raining
foot
inches
kilograms
meters
You must specify a type
What type?
or
pounds
I wasn't able to find a pokemon for that phrase
I couldn't find that pokemon
Unable to find that pokemon
Sorry, I don't know the answer to that
I don't have the answer for that
I don't know
Beats me
I don't know
I have not verified the sources
It is in the internet, it must be true
Take everything with a grain of salt
Sources have not been checked
Sources have not been provided
I scrapped my quotes from they said so api
I get my quotes from they said so api
My quotes come from they said so api
I download quotes from they said so api
My quotes come from the internet
Test passed for 18.2.13b
Should i delete everything i remembered for you?
It is forgotten.
I will hold on to this phrase.
I can only remember sentences or words longer than four characters. Please rephrase.
I am sorry, i can not remember any phrase!
I am sorry, there was an error, i could not forget anything!
I am sorry, i couldn't find a phrase matching your request.
the reminder has been turned off
the reminder has been shut off
the reminder has been stopped
Stop this reminder by saying, stop reminder
Say, set reminder off to end this reminder
Tell me to end reminder to stop the current reminder
Sorry, I didn't find a valid date and time to remind you.
It was not possible to set a reminder for the informed date and time.
There is no reminder to be removed
You don't have any reminder to be deleted
One reminder removed
A reminder was cancelled
You have deleted one reminder
There is no reminder to be listed
You don't have any reminder to be listed
No rocket launches found.
I would be happy to sing for you.
Here I go.
I'm a bit nervous about my voice, but here goes nothing.
thank you for listening
I hope you liked my voice
now you try
I'm still learning how to do that on your device.
An error occurred and the call was not connected. Please, try again.
Call is muted
Call is now on hold
Rejected call
Call rejected
I have the following contacts
I know the following phone numbers
I know the following SIP contacts
I know the following VOIP contacts
node red is already a fallback skill
node red is not a priority skill
Credentials are not set
I do not know who is calling
Someone is calling, not in my contact list
Unknown person is calling
Someone is calling, i don't know who
Ok, i won't handle incoming calls
I will not reject nor answer calls automatically
Automatic call answering disabled
I don't have any active call
I will reject all incoming calls
Resuming active call
SIP login failed, verify your credentials
I am connected to a SIP server
Connection successful, you can now receive and place VOIP calls
I am not logged into the SIP server
Restarting SIP service
SIP service is already running
Credentials for Sip X Com seem to be invalid
Credentials for Sip X Com rejected
Credentials error for Sip X Com
An error occurred when fetching contact list from sip x com
An error occurred when downloading contact list from sip x com
An error occurred when synchronizing contact list with sip x com
Call unmuted
Unmuting call
Do you want to restart the SIP service
Do you want to reboot the SIP service
thank you for installing stoned meadow of doom Skill
thank you for installing soviet wave radio Skill
Lots of stuff in orbit
Starting a speed test.
There was an error, i could not run a speedtest... sorry.
Starting speedtest now, i will be back with the results in a moment.
and
for
for the album
for the artist
Hmm, I can't find that artist.
Sorry, I can't find that artist.
I can't seem to find that artist.
I didn't get any results for that artist.
Sorry, I didn't get any results for that artist.
Uh-oh, I didn't find the artist you were looking for.
I couldn't find any default Spot-ify device. Make sure Spot-ify is running, or that the skill has been configured to use the default libraries
There's no default Spot-ify device available. Make sure Spot-ify is running, or that the skill has been configured to use the default libraries
I couldn't find any Spotify devices.
There are no Spotify devices available.
Hmm, I can't find that.
Sorry, I can't find that.
I can't seem to find that.
I didn't get any results for that.
Sorry, I didn't get any results for that.
Uh-oh, I didn't find what you were looking for.
I'm not connected to a Spotify account, go to home dot mycroft dot ai to authorize the skill.
This device isn't associated with a Spotify account, go to home dot mycroft dot ai to authorize me.
Please authorize the Spotify skill on home dot mycroft dot ai to access your account
stephen hawking was born on 8 January 1942
stephen hawking died on 14 March 2018
God is the name people give to the reason we are here.
God may exist, but science can explain the universe without the need for a creator.
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.
I am just a child who has never grown up. I still keep asking these 'how' and 'why' questions. Occasionally, I find an answer.
I believe alien life is quite common in the universe, although intelligent life is less so. Some say it has yet to appear on planet Earth.
I believe there are no questions that science can't answer about a physical universe.
I have found far greater enthusiasm for science in America than here in Britain. There is more enthusiasm for everything in America.
I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.
In my opinion, there is no aspect of reality beyond the reach of the human mind.
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.
Many people find the universe confusing -- it's not.
People who boast about their IQ are losers.
People won't have time for you if you are always angry or complaining.
Science can lift people out of poverty and cure disease. That, in turn, will reduce civil unrest.
Science is increasingly answering questions that used to be the province of religion.
Science is not only a disciple of reason but also one of romance and passion.
Scientists have become the bearers of the torch of discovery in our quest for knowledge.
The past, like the future, is indefinite and exists only as a spectrum of possibilities.
The universe is not indifferent to our existence -- it depends on it.
There is no unique picture of reality.
There is nothing bigger or older than the universe.
We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the universe. That makes us something very special.
When one's expectations are reduced to zero, one really appreciates everything one does have.
Work gives you meaning and purpose, and life is empty without it.
My goal is simple. It is a complete understanding of the universe, why it is as it is and why it exists at all.
It would not be much of a universe if it wasn't home to the people you love.
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny
Einstein was wrong when he said, 'God does not play dice'. Consideration of black holes suggests, not only that God does play dice, but that he sometimes confuses us by throwing them where they can't be seen
It is not necessary to invoke God to light the blue touch paper and set the universe going
Without imperfection, you or I would not exist
The victim should have the right to end his life, if he wants. But I think it would be a great mistake. However bad life may seem, there is always something you can do, and succeed at. While there's life, there is hope
I think it would be a disaster. The extraterrestrials would probably be far in advance of us. The history of advanced races meeting more primitive people on this planet is not very happy, and they were the same species. I think we should keep our heads low
I fear that AI may replace humans altogether. If people design computer viruses, someone will design AI that improves and replicates itself. This will be a new form of life that outperforms humans.
I believe there is no deep difference between what can be achieved by a biological brain and what can be achieved by a computer. It therefore follows that computers can, in theory, emulate human intelligence - and exceed it.
If you are disabled, it is probably not your fault, but it is no good blaming the world or expecting it to take pity on you. One has to have a positive attitude and must make the best of the situation that one finds oneself in
What I have done is to show that it is possible for the way the universe began to be determined by the laws of science. In that case, it would not be necessary to appeal to God to decide how the universe began. This doesn't prove that there is no God, only that God is not necessary.
We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.
On quantum physics: These lectures have shown very clearly the difference between Roger and me. He's a Platonist and I'm a positivist. He's worried that Schrödinger's cat is in a quantum state, where it is half alive and half dead. He feels that can't correspond to reality. But that doesn't bother me. I don't demand that a theory correspond to reality because I don't know what it is. Reality is not a quality you can test with litmus paper. All I'm concerned with is that the theory should predict the results of measurements. Quantum theory does this very successfully. It predicts that the result of an observation is either that the cat is alive or that it is dead. It is like you can't be slightly pregnant: you either are or you aren't.
The human race is just a chemical scum on a moderate-sized planet, orbiting around a very average star in the outer suburb of one among a hundred billion galaxies. We are so insignificant that I can't believe the whole universe exists for our benefit. That would be like saying that you would disappear if I closed my eyes.
I think computer viruses should count as life … I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image.
All my life, I have been fascinated by the big questions that face us, and have tried to find scientific answers to them.
The world has changed far more in the past 100 years than in any other century in history. The reason is not political or economic but technological — technologies that flowed directly from advances in basic science.
Although September 11 was horrible, it didn't threaten the survival of the human race, like nuclear weapons do.
I don't think the human race will survive the next thousand years, unless we spread into space. There are too many accidents that can befall life on a single planet. But I'm an optimist. We will reach out to the stars.
We shouldn't be surprised that conditions in the universe are suitable for life, but this is not evidence that the universe was designed to allow for life. We could call order by the name of God, but it would be an impersonal God. There's not much personal about the laws of physics.
I am discounting reports of UFOs. Why would they appear only to cranks and weirdos?
The life we have on Earth must have spontaneously generated itself. It must therefore be possible for life to generate spontaneously elsewhere in the universe.
Evolution has ensured that our brains just aren't equipped to visualise 11 dimensions directly. However, from a purely mathematical point of view it's just as easy to think in 11 dimensions, as it is to think in three or four.
I think that it's important for scientists to explain their work, particularly in cosmology. This now answers many questions once asked of religion.
Equations are just the boring part of mathematics. I attempt to see things in terms of geometry.
The danger is that global warming may become self-sustaining, if it has not done so already. The melting of the Arctic and Antarctic ice caps reduces the fraction of solar energy reflected back into space, and so increases the temperature further. Climate change may kill off the Amazon and other rain forests, and so eliminate once one of the main ways in which carbon dioxide is removed from the atmosphere. The rise in sea temperature may trigger the release of large quantities of carbon dioxide, trapped as hydrides on the ocean floor. Both these phenomena would increase the greenhouse effect, and so global warming further. We have to reverse global warming urgently, if we still can.
I'm not religious in the normal sense. I believe the universe is governed by the laws of science. The laws may have been decreed by God, but God does not intervene to break the laws.
In a world that is in chaos politically, socially and environmentally, how can the human race sustain another 100 years?
To confine our attention to terrestrial matters would be to limit the human spirit.
There is a fundamental difference between religion, which is based on authority and science, which is based on observation and reason. Science will win, because it works.
We should seek the greatest value of our action
Science predicts that many different kinds of universe will be spontaneously created out of nothing. It is a matter of chance which we are in.
Women. They are a complete mystery.
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away.
We are all different — but we share the same human spirit. Perhaps it's human nature that we adapt — and survive.
It has certainly been true in the past that what we call intelligence and scientific discovery have conveyed a survival advantage. It is not so clear that this is still the case: our scientific discoveries may well destroy us all,
The whole history of science has been the gradual realization that events do not happen in an arbitrary manner, but that they reflect a certain underlying order, which may or may not be divinely inspired.
Galileo, perhaps more than any other single person, was responsible for the birth of modern science.
Just like a computer, we must remember things in the order in which entropy increases. This makes the second law of thermodynamics almost trivial. Disorder increases with time because we measure time in the direction in which disorder increases. You can’t have a safer bet than that!
One could say: The boundary condition of the universe is that it has no boundary. The universe would be completely self-contained and not affected by anything outside itself. It would neither be created nor destroyed. It would just BE.
What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? The usual approach of science of constructing a mathematical model cannot answer the questions of why there should be a universe for the model to describe. Why does the universe go to all the bother of existing?
I have noticed that even people who claim everything is predetermined and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.
When I gave a lecture in Japan, I was asked not to mention the possible re-collapse of the universe, because it might affect the stock market. However, I can re-assure anyone who is nervous about their investments that it is a bit early to sell: even if the universe does come to an end, it won't be for at least twenty billion years.
The universe would have expanded in a smooth way from a single point. As it expanded, it would have borrowed energy from the gravitational field, to create matter. As any economist could have predicted, the result of all that borrowing, was inflation. The universe expanded and borrowed at an ever-increasing rate. Fortunately, the debt of gravitational energy will not have to be repaid until the end of the universe.
Mathematics is more than a tool and language for science. It is also an end in itself, and as such, it has, over the centuries, affected our worldview in its own right.
If aliens visit us, the outcome would be much as when Columbus landed in America, which didn't turn out well for the Native Americans. … We only have to look at ourselves to see how intelligent life might develop into something we wouldn't want to meet.
We are each free to believe what we want and it is my view that the simplest explanation is there is no God. No one created the universe and no one directs our fate. This leads me to a profound realization. There is probably no heaven, and no afterlife either. We have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe, and for that, I am extremely grateful
The development of full artificial intelligence could spell the end of the human race. We cannot quite know what will happen if a machine exceeds our own intelligence, so we can't know if we'll be infinitely helped by it, or ignored by it and sidelined, or conceivably destroyed by it.
If machines produce everything we need, the outcome will depend on how things are distributed. Everyone can enjoy a life of luxurious leisure if the machine-produced wealth is shared, or most people can end up miserably poor if the machine-owners successfully lobby against wealth redistribution. So far, the trend seems to be toward the second option, with technology driving ever-increasing inequality.
Any physical theory is always provisional, in the sense that it is only a hypothesis: you can never prove it. No matter how many times the results of experiments agree with some theory, you can never be sure that the next time the result will not contradict the theory. Each time new experiments are observed to agree with the predictions the theory survives, and our confidence in it is increased; but if ever a new observation is found to disagree, we have to abandon or modify the theory.
What's a brief description of the problem you are having?
Alright
I've sent an email to your registered account with debugging information and instructions for contacting support.
Would you like to create a troubleshooting package? This will send logs to your registered email.
An error occurred and I was not able to send your support email.
I've created a support ticket and sent a confirmation to your email.
I don't know your email address. You can tell me by saying 'Neon, my email address is...'
Just a moment.
One moment.
support
Mycroft Troubleshooting Assistant
Please briefly describe the problem you are experiencing
What's a brief description of the problem you are having?
Alright
I've sent an email to your registered account with debugging information and instructions for contacting support.
Would you like to create a troubleshooting package? This will upload logs to the termbin dot com service and email a link to you with more information.
One moment.
support
Mycroft Troubleshooting Assistant
I can not install THEIA IDE on this device. There is to precompiled package and system has to little memmory to build and compile.
Theia I D E is not running
Theia I D E is stopped
Installing Theia IDE.
Theia IDE did not install. There were errors during the installation.
Theia IDE installed OK.
This platform is not supported.
Which one do you prefer?
Sounds good.
I do not speak the language you requested, please try something else.
Your options are:
Okay, I will speak to you in only one language.
I am sorry, this selection is not in the list of options. Please try again.
It looks like you requested a secondary, language but I did not hear two available languages in your request. Please, try again.
thank you for installing True cult Black Metal Skill
Check your configuration file for errors
voice demo stopped
The available voice modules are
The available text to speech engines are
The following text to speech engines are available
The available text to speech modules are
The following text to speech modules are available
Change to what text to speech module
Change to what text to speech engine
I could not understand what voice i should use
Displaying your recent files
Launching camera.
Sorry, I can't find a camera to use.
I will take a picture instead of a 1 second video
I'm still learning how to do that on your device.
Here you go.
I'm running on a device that does not have an official platform build number.
You are on the latest version.
VIIRS, Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite, is a scanning radiometer with 5 high-resolution Imagery bands, 16 Moderate resolution bands and a Day/Night band.
The Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite is a sensor designed and manufactured by the Raytheon Company on board the Suomi National Polar-orbiting Partnership and NOAA-20 weather satellites.
I don't have satellite imagery that recent
No data available for selected date
Zoom must be between 0 and 8
The regularly spaced gaps near the equator are due to lack of coverage between orbits. Terra, Aqua and Aura are polar orbiting satellites, traveling from pole to pole. The Terra satellite travels north to south. Aqua and Aura move in the opposite direction, south to north. At high latitudes, adjacent imaging swaths overlap significantly but at the equator gaps occur between adjacent swaths. As a result, complete global coverage is achieved every one to two days.
Approximately 70% of the earth's surface is covered by clouds at any given time. That means there is a good chance that the region you want to see will have some cloud cover.
Zoom is already at maximum
Zoom is already at minimum
Call is muted
Call is now on hold
Rejected call
Call rejected
I have the following contacts
I know the following phone numbers
I know the following SIP contacts
I know the following VOIP contacts
node red is already a fallback skill
node red is not a priority skill
Credentials are not set
I do not know who is calling
Someone is calling, not in my contact list
Unknown person is calling
Someone is calling, i don't know who
Ok, i won't handle incoming calls
I will not reject nor answer calls automatically
Automatic call answering disabled
I don't have any active call
I will reject all incoming calls
Resuming active call
SIP login failed, verify your credentials
I am connected to a SIP server
Connection successful, you can now receive and place VOIP calls
I am not logged into the SIP server
Restarting SIP service
SIP service is already running
Credentials for Sip X Com seem to be invalid
Credentials for Sip X Com rejected
Credentials error for Sip X Com
An error occurred when fetching contact list from sip x com
An error occurred when downloading contact list from sip x com
An error occurred when synchronizing contact list with sip x com
Call unmuted
Unmuting call
Do you want to restart the SIP service
Do you want to reboot the SIP service
Volume is at maximum.
I can't get any louder.
I'm at maximum volume.
This is the maximum volume.
Audio is going to be muted
Sound is going to be muted
The volume already at maximum
I can't get any louder
I don't have anymore pictures
I'm out of pictures to show you
enjoy your new wallpaper
I don't know how to change wallpaper in this platform
east
north
north east
north west
south
south east
south west
west
I'm afraid I don't know that
I don't have that information
heavy
humidity
light
I not sure where that is
I don't know that location
I don't know that place
meters per second
miles per hour
No precipitation is in the forecast
None is forecasted
rain
clear
snow
the wind
Webb will be the largest, most powerful and complex space telescope ever built and launched into space. It will fundamentally alter our understanding of the universe.
Leaving the mysterious kingdom of Zork
Now leaving Zork
Exiting Zork
There's no current savegame
No save game exists
Save game deleted
Removed the save game
I can't find a related Wikipedia article
I'm afraid there isn't any article about that
or
That's all I know
That's all I can find
i don't know
i am not sure
i tried searching wiki how but couldn't find anything
I can't find a related Wikipedia article
I'm afraid there isn't any article about that
That's all I know
That's all I can find
knowledge roulette activated
playing the wikipedia roulette
Unable to find a light nearby
dimmed
Before you can use me to control your lights you will need to enter Wink account information. Please visit home dot mycroft dot A I to set this up.
off
on
lit
I wasn't able to communicate with the Wink service. Please verify the username and password you've entered a home.mycroft.ai.
the wolf does not know the answer
how many facts do you know
how many facts do you have in your database
number of facts
random fact
teach me something
random curiosity
where do you get your facts
what is the source of your facts
where do your random facts come from
can your facts be trusted
are your facts trustworthy
can i trust your facts
can i trust 8 fact
what alarms do I have
do i have any alarms
do i have any alarms set
status of alarms
list alarms
any active alarms
erase alarms.
erase my alarms.
erase the alarms.
erase all of alarms.
erase all of my alarms.
erase all of the alarms.
erase all alarms.
erase all my alarms.
erase all the alarms.
cancel alarms.
cancel my alarms.
cancel the alarms.
cancel all of alarms.
cancel all of my alarms.
cancel all of the alarms.
cancel all alarms.
cancel all my alarms.
cancel all the alarms.
remove alarms.
remove my alarms.
remove the alarms.
remove all of alarms.
remove all of my alarms.
remove all of the alarms.
remove all alarms.
remove all my alarms.
remove all the alarms.
delete alarms.
delete my alarms.
delete the alarms.
delete all of alarms.
delete all of my alarms.
delete all of the alarms.
delete all alarms.
delete all my alarms.
delete all the alarms.
make an alarm
make an alarm clock
create an alarm
create an alarm clock
set an alarm
set an alarm clock
stop alarm.
turn off alarm.
kill the alarm.
disable the alarm.
cancel the alarm.
I got it.
that's enough!
shut up!
draw a picture
paint a picture
create a picture
draw a painting
paint a painting
create a painting
astronomy picture of the day
today astronomy picture
astronomy picture of today
apod
display all asteroids
display asteroids
display asteroid orbits
plot all asteroids
plot asteroids
plot asteroid orbits
show all asteroids
show asteroids
show asteroid orbits
Activate auto volume
Set auto volume to active
Turn on auto volume
Set auto volume ( to ) on
Deactivate auto volume
Set auto volume to inactive
Turn off auto volume
Set auto volume ( to ) off
Clear auto volume measurements
Delete auto volume measurements
Reset auto volume measurements
Bark
What does a dog say
Look at that cat
Mailman is here
stop
stop doing that
stop that
bitchute replay
bitchute repeat
bitchute replay last video
bitchute repeat last video
bitchute last video
bitchute last video
tell me about discovery
tell me about discover
tell me about Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera
tell me about EPIC
tell me about DSCOVR
what is discovery
what is discover
what is Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera
what is EPIC
what is DSCOVR
tell me about discovery
tell me about discover
tell me about Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera
tell me about EPIC
tell me about DSCOVR
talk about discovery
talk about discover
talk about Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera
talk about EPIC
talk about DSCOVR
Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera
about discovery
about discover
about Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera
about EPIC
about DSCOVR
show me earth from space
show earth
display earth from space
display a picture of earth
earth from space
display a picture of earth from space
daily blue marble
blue marble of the day
open the epic website from nasa
open the nasa website for epic
nasa epic website
open website for Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera
website for Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera
open Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera website
where is discovery spacecraft
where is discover spacecraft
where is Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera spacecraft
where is EPIC spacecraft
where is DSCOVR spacecraft
where is discovery spacecraft located
where is discover spacecraft located
where is Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera spacecraft located
where is EPIC spacecraft located
where is DSCOVR spacecraft located
where is the discovery
where is the discover
where is the Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera
where is the EPIC
where is the DSCOVR
what is the location of discovery
what is the location of discover
what is the location of Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera
what is the location of EPIC
what is the location of DSCOVR
show me cult movie classics screen
show me cult movie classics home screen
show me cult movie classics homescreen
show me c c c screen
show me c c c home screen
show me c c c homescreen
show me ccc screen
show me ccc home screen
show me ccc homescreen
display cult movie classics screen
display cult movie classics home screen
display cult movie classics homescreen
display c c c screen
display c c c home screen
display c c c homescreen
display ccc screen
display ccc home screen
display ccc homescreen
open cult movie classics screen
open cult movie classics home screen
open cult movie classics homescreen
open c c c screen
open c c c home screen
open c c c homescreen
open ccc screen
open ccc home screen
open ccc homescreen
show cult movie classics screen
show cult movie classics home screen
show cult movie classics homescreen
show c c c screen
show c c c home screen
show c c c homescreen
show ccc screen
show ccc home screen
show ccc homescreen
show me cult movie classics
show me c c c
show me ccc
display cult movie classics
display c c c
display ccc
open cult movie classics
open c c c
open ccc
show cult movie classics
show c c c
show ccc
show me cult movie classics screen
show me cult movie classics menu
show me c c c screen
show me c c c menu
show me ccc screen
show me ccc menu
display cult movie classics screen
display cult movie classics menu
display c c c screen
display c c c menu
display ccc screen
display ccc menu
open cult movie classics screen
open cult movie classics menu
open c c c screen
open c c c menu
open ccc screen
open ccc menu
show cult movie classics screen
show cult movie classics menu
show c c c screen
show c c c menu
show ccc screen
show ccc menu
cult movie classics screen
cult movie classics menu
c c c screen
c c c menu
ccc screen
ccc menu
about chandra x ray observatory picture
about x ray observatory
talk about Earth chandra x ray observatory
what is chandra x ray
tell me about nasa x ray telescope
talk about x ray telescope
tell me about chandra x ray observatory
what is nasa x ray observatory
open the chandra website from nasa
open the nasa website for chandra
nasa chandra website
open website for chandra x ray observatory
website for chandra x ray observatory
open chandra x ray observatory website
chandra x ray observatory picture
x ray observatory picture
picture from chandra x ray observatory
picture from chandra x ray
nasa x ray telescope picture
picture from x ray telescope
picture from x ray observatory
nasa x ray observatory picture
latest nasa x ray observatory picture
random nasa x ray observatory picture
new chandra x ray observatory picture
random chandra x ray observatory picture
show me sci fi horror screen
show me sci fi horror home screen
show me sci fi horror homescreen
show me scifi horror screen
show me scifi horror home screen
show me scifi horror homescreen
display sci fi horror screen
display sci fi horror home screen
display sci fi horror homescreen
display scifi horror screen
display scifi horror home screen
display scifi horror homescreen
open sci fi horror screen
open sci fi horror home screen
open sci fi horror homescreen
open scifi horror screen
open scifi horror home screen
open scifi horror homescreen
show sci fi horror screen
show sci fi horror home screen
show sci fi horror homescreen
show scifi horror screen
show scifi horror home screen
show scifi horror homescreen
show me sci fi horror
show me scifi horror
display sci fi horror
display scifi horror
open sci fi horror
open scifi horror
show sci fi horror
show scifi horror
show me sci fi horror screen
show me sci fi horror menu
show me scifi horror screen
show me scifi horror menu
display sci fi horror screen
display sci fi horror menu
display scifi horror screen
display scifi horror menu
open sci fi horror screen
open sci fi horror menu
open scifi horror screen
open scifi horror menu
show sci fi horror screen
show sci fi horror menu
show scifi horror screen
show scifi horror menu
sci fi horror movies screen
sci fi horror movies menu
sci fi horror movie screen
sci fi horror movie menu
sci fi horror film screen
sci fi horror film menu
sci fi horror films screen
sci fi horror films menu
scifi horror movies screen
scifi horror movies menu
scifi horror movie screen
scifi horror movie menu
scifi horror film screen
scifi horror film menu
scifi horror films screen
scifi horror films menu
sci fi horror screen
sci fi horror menu
scifi horror screen
scifi horror menu
what should we drink
what should we make to drink
what should i drink
what should i make to drink
it is happy hour ( somewhere )
it's happy hour ( somewhere )
suggest a drink
suggest a cocktail
suggest a random drink
suggest a random cocktail
suggest something to drink
give me a random cocktail
i would like a random cocktail
i want a random cocktail
give me a random cocktail
give me a random drink
who is confucius
who was confucius
how many countries do you know about
how many countries do you have data on
how many countries do you have data about
how many countries can you tell me about
how many countries do you know about
how many countries do you have data on
how many countries do you have data about
how many countries can you tell me about
number of countries do you know about
number of countries do you have data on
number of countries do you have data about
number of countries can you tell me about
number of countries do you know about
number of countries do you have data on
number of countries do you have data about
number of countries can you tell me about
i want you to exit
i want you to shutdown
i want you to shut down
neon i want to see demo
neon show me the demo
roll die
roll dice
show me dust skill screen
show me dust skill home screen
show me dust skill homescreen
show me dust screen
show me dust home screen
show me dust homescreen
display dust skill screen
display dust skill home screen
display dust skill homescreen
display dust screen
display dust home screen
display dust homescreen
open dust skill screen
open dust skill home screen
open dust skill homescreen
open dust screen
open dust home screen
open dust homescreen
show dust skill screen
show dust skill home screen
show dust skill homescreen
show dust screen
show dust home screen
show dust homescreen
show me dust skill
show me dust
display dust skill
display dust
open dust skill
open dust
show dust skill
show dust
show me dust skill screen
show me dust skill menu
show me dust screen
show me dust menu
display dust skill screen
display dust skill menu
display dust screen
display dust menu
open dust skill screen
open dust skill menu
open dust screen
open dust menu
show dust skill screen
show dust skill menu
show dust screen
show dust menu
dust short movies screen
dust short movies menu
dust short movie screen
dust short movie menu
dust short film screen
dust short film menu
dust short films screen
dust short films menu
science fiction short movies screen
science fiction short movies menu
science fiction short movie screen
science fiction short movie menu
science fiction short film screen
science fiction short film menu
science fiction short films screen
science fiction short films menu
scifi short movies screen
scifi short movies menu
scifi short movie screen
scifi short movie menu
scifi short film screen
scifi short film menu
scifi short films screen
scifi short films menu
sci fi short movies screen
sci fi short movies menu
sci fi short movie screen
sci fi short movie menu
sci fi short film screen
sci fi short film menu
sci fi short films screen
sci fi short films menu
dust screen
dust menu
dust movies screen
dust movies menu
dust movie screen
dust movie menu
dust film screen
dust film menu
dust films screen
dust films menu
check my email
check my mail
do i have any new mail
do I have any email
do i have any new emails
tell me of email
tell me of new mail
tell me of email
tell me of mail
tell me when I get new email
tell me when I get new mail
tell me when I get email
tell me when I get mail
notify me of new email
notify me of new mail
notify me of email
notify me of mail
notify me when I get new email
notify me when I get new mail
notify me when I get email
notify me when I get mail
do not notify me of new email
do not notify me of new mail
do not notify me of email
do not notify me of mail
no longer notify me of new email
no longer notify me of new mail
no longer notify me of email
no longer notify me of mail
do not tell me of new email
do not tell me of new mail
do not tell me of email
do not tell me of mail
no longer tell me of new email
no longer tell me of new mail
no longer tell me of email
no longer tell me of mail
check emily connection
check nv connection
check mv connection
check mb connection
check emby connection
run diagnostic emily
run diagnostic nv
run diagnostic mv
run diagnostic mb
run diagnostic emby
check emily
check nv
check mv
check mb
check emby
Continue story
Continue story telling
Continue fairytale
Continue telling fairytale
Continue fairy tale
Continue with the fairytale
Continue with the fairy tale
Read a fairy tale
Read a story
Read a good fairy tale
Read a good story
Read me a fairy tale
Read me a story
Read me a good fairy tale
Read me a good story
Tell a fairy tale
Tell a story
Tell a good fairy tale
Tell a good story
Tell me a fairy tale
Tell me a story
Tell me a good fairy tale
Tell me a good story
how many futurism cartoons
how many futurism cartoon
how many futurism comics
number of futurism cartoons
number of futurism cartoon
number of futurism comics
futurism cartoons number
futurism cartoon number
futurism comics number
total futurism cartoons
total futurism cartoon
total futurism comics
show me the latest futurism cartoons
show me the latest futurism cartoon
show me the latest futurism comics
show me the latest futurism comic
display latest futurism cartoons
display latest futurism cartoon
display latest futurism comics
display latest futurism comic
show futurism cartoons
show futurism cartoon
show futurism comics
show futurism comic
display futurism cartoons
display futurism cartoon
display futurism comics
display futurism comic
display a futurism cartoons
display a futurism cartoon
display a futurism comics
display a futurism comic
latest futurism cartoons
latest futurism cartoon
latest futurism comics
latest futurism comic
random futurism cartoons
random futurism cartoon
random futurism comics
random futurism comic
show random futurism cartoons
show random futurism cartoon
show random futurism comics
show random futurism comic
random futurism cartoons
random futurism cartoon
random futurism comics
random futurism comic
display random futurism cartoons
display random futurism cartoon
display random futurism comics
display random futurism comic
futurism random cartoons
futurism random cartoon
futurism random comics
futurism random comic
show me a random futurism cartoons
show me a random futurism cartoon
show me a random futurism comics
show me a random futurism comic
show me a random futurism cartoons
show me a random futurism cartoon
show me a random futurism comics
show me a random futurism comic
show me a futurism cartoons
show me a futurism cartoon
show me a futurism comics
show me a futurism comic
open the helio viewer
open the helio view
open the helioviewer
display the helio viewer
display the helio view
display the helioviewer
show the helio viewer
show the helio view
show the helioviewer
helio viewer web page
helio viewer webpage
helio viewer web site
helio viewer website
helio viewer site
helio view web page
helio view webpage
helio view web site
helio view website
helio view site
helioviewer web page
helioviewer webpage
helioviewer web site
helioviewer website
helioviewer site
sunspot count
sun spots count
sunspots count
Count of sunspot
Count of sun spots
Count of sunspots
number of sunspot
number of sun spots
number of sunspots
how many sunspot
how many sun spots
how many sunspots
how many sunspots last weekend
how many sunspots last month
how many sunspots last week
how many sunspots yesterday
number of sunspots last weekend
number of sunspots last month
number of sunspots last week
number of sunspots yesterday
Count of sunspots last weekend
Count of sunspots last month
Count of sunspots last week
Count of sunspots yesterday
sunspot count last weekend
sunspot count last month
sunspot count last week
sunspot count yesterday
last weekend how many sunspots
last weekend number of sunspots
last weekend Count of sunspots
last weekend sunspot count
last month how many sunspots
last month number of sunspots
last month Count of sunspots
last month sunspot count
last week how many sunspots
last week number of sunspots
last week Count of sunspots
last week sunspot count
yesterday how many sunspots
yesterday number of sunspots
yesterday Count of sunspots
yesterday sunspot count
last weekend sunspot
last weekend sun spots
last weekend sunspots
last month sunspot
last month sun spots
last month sunspots
last week sunspot
last week sun spots
last week sunspots
yesterday sunspot
yesterday sun spots
yesterday sunspots
sunspot last weekend
sunspot last month
sunspot last week
sunspot yesterday
sun spots last weekend
sun spots last month
sun spots last week
sun spots yesterday
sunspots last weekend
sunspots last month
sunspots last week
sunspots yesterday
recent sunspot
recent sun spots
recent sunspots
sunspot recently
sun spots recently
sunspots recently
count of sunspot recently
count of sun spots recently
count of sunspots recently
how many of sunspot recently
how many of sun spots recently
how many of sunspots recently
number of sunspot recently
number of sun spots recently
number of sunspots recently
recent sunspot count
recent sunspot number
recent sun spots count
recent sun spots number
recent sunspots count
recent sunspots number
show me horror audio menu
show me horror audio screen
show me horror audio home screen
show me horror audio homescreen
show me horror readings menu
show me horror readings screen
show me horror readings home screen
show me horror readings homescreen
show me horror babble menu
show me horror babble screen
show me horror babble home screen
show me horror babble homescreen
display horror audio menu
display horror audio screen
display horror audio home screen
display horror audio homescreen
display horror readings menu
display horror readings screen
display horror readings home screen
display horror readings homescreen
display horror babble menu
display horror babble screen
display horror babble home screen
display horror babble homescreen
open horror audio menu
open horror audio screen
open horror audio home screen
open horror audio homescreen
open horror readings menu
open horror readings screen
open horror readings home screen
open horror readings homescreen
open horror babble menu
open horror babble screen
open horror babble home screen
open horror babble homescreen
show horror audio menu
show horror audio screen
show horror audio home screen
show horror audio homescreen
show horror readings menu
show horror readings screen
show horror readings home screen
show horror readings homescreen
show horror babble menu
show horror babble screen
show horror babble home screen
show horror babble homescreen
show me horror audio
show me horror readings
show me horror babble
display horror audio
display horror readings
display horror babble
open horror audio
open horror readings
open horror babble
show horror audio
show horror readings
show horror babble
show me horror audio skill menu
show me horror audio skill screen
show me horror audio skill home screen
show me horror audio skill homescreen
show me horror readings skill menu
show me horror readings skill screen
show me horror readings skill home screen
show me horror readings skill homescreen
show me horror babble skill menu
show me horror babble skill screen
show me horror babble skill home screen
show me horror babble skill homescreen
display horror audio skill menu
display horror audio skill screen
display horror audio skill home screen
display horror audio skill homescreen
display horror readings skill menu
display horror readings skill screen
display horror readings skill home screen
display horror readings skill homescreen
display horror babble skill menu
display horror babble skill screen
display horror babble skill home screen
display horror babble skill homescreen
open horror audio skill menu
open horror audio skill screen
open horror audio skill home screen
open horror audio skill homescreen
open horror readings skill menu
open horror readings skill screen
open horror readings skill home screen
open horror readings skill homescreen
open horror babble skill menu
open horror babble skill screen
open horror babble skill home screen
open horror babble skill homescreen
show horror audio skill menu
show horror audio skill screen
show horror audio skill home screen
show horror audio skill homescreen
show horror readings skill menu
show horror readings skill screen
show horror readings skill home screen
show horror readings skill homescreen
show horror babble skill menu
show horror babble skill screen
show horror babble skill home screen
show horror babble skill homescreen
show me horror audio skill
show me horror readings skill
show me horror babble skill
display horror audio skill
display horror readings skill
display horror babble skill
open horror audio skill
open horror readings skill
open horror babble skill
show horror audio skill
show horror readings skill
show horror babble skill
horror audio menu
horror audio screen
horror audio home screen
horror audio homescreen
horror readings menu
horror readings screen
horror readings home screen
horror readings homescreen
horror babble menu
horror babble screen
horror babble home screen
horror babble homescreen
tell me about hubble space telescope
what is hubble space telescope
about hubble space telescope
tell me about hubble telescope
what is hubble telescope
about hubble telescope
tell me about the hubble space telescope
what is the hubble space telescope
about the hubble space telescope
tell me about the hubble telescope
what is the hubble telescope
about the hubble telescope
is the colours in hubble pictures real
is the colours in hubble images real
is the colours in hubble photos real
is the colours in hubble data real
is the colours in hubble space telescope pictures real
is the colours in hubble space telescope images real
is the colours in hubble space telescope photos real
is the colours in hubble space telescope data real
is the colours in hubble telescope pictures real
is the colours in hubble telescope images real
is the colours in hubble telescope photos real
is the colours in hubble telescope data real
is the colour in hubble pictures real
is the colour in hubble images real
is the colour in hubble photos real
is the colour in hubble data real
is the colour in hubble space telescope pictures real
is the colour in hubble space telescope images real
is the colour in hubble space telescope photos real
is the colour in hubble space telescope data real
is the colour in hubble telescope pictures real
is the colour in hubble telescope images real
is the colour in hubble telescope photos real
is the colour in hubble telescope data real
is the color in hubble pictures real
is the color in hubble images real
is the color in hubble photos real
is the color in hubble data real
is the color in hubble space telescope pictures real
is the color in hubble space telescope images real
is the color in hubble space telescope photos real
is the color in hubble space telescope data real
is the color in hubble telescope pictures real
is the color in hubble telescope images real
is the color in hubble telescope photos real
is the color in hubble telescope data real
is the colors in hubble pictures real
is the colors in hubble images real
is the colors in hubble photos real
is the colors in hubble data real
is the colors in hubble space telescope pictures real
is the colors in hubble space telescope images real
is the colors in hubble space telescope photos real
is the colors in hubble space telescope data real
is the colors in hubble telescope pictures real
is the colors in hubble telescope images real
is the colors in hubble telescope photos real
is the colors in hubble telescope data real
are the colours in hubble pictures real
are the colours in hubble images real
are the colours in hubble photos real
are the colours in hubble data real
are the colours in hubble space telescope pictures real
are the colours in hubble space telescope images real
are the colours in hubble space telescope photos real
are the colours in hubble space telescope data real
are the colours in hubble telescope pictures real
are the colours in hubble telescope images real
are the colours in hubble telescope photos real
are the colours in hubble telescope data real
are the colour in hubble pictures real
are the colour in hubble images real
are the colour in hubble photos real
are the colour in hubble data real
are the colour in hubble space telescope pictures real
are the colour in hubble space telescope images real
are the colour in hubble space telescope photos real
are the colour in hubble space telescope data real
are the colour in hubble telescope pictures real
are the colour in hubble telescope images real
are the colour in hubble telescope photos real
are the colour in hubble telescope data real
are the color in hubble pictures real
are the color in hubble images real
are the color in hubble photos real
are the color in hubble data real
are the color in hubble space telescope pictures real
are the color in hubble space telescope images real
are the color in hubble space telescope photos real
are the color in hubble space telescope data real
are the color in hubble telescope pictures real
are the color in hubble telescope images real
are the color in hubble telescope photos real
are the color in hubble telescope data real
are the colors in hubble pictures real
are the colors in hubble images real
are the colors in hubble photos real
are the colors in hubble data real
are the colors in hubble space telescope pictures real
are the colors in hubble space telescope images real
are the colors in hubble space telescope photos real
are the colors in hubble space telescope data real
are the colors in hubble telescope pictures real
are the colors in hubble telescope images real
are the colors in hubble telescope photos real
are the colors in hubble telescope data real
is all hubble pictures public
is all hubble pictures available to the public
is all hubble pictures available
is all hubble images public
is all hubble images available to the public
is all hubble images available
is all hubble photos public
is all hubble photos available to the public
is all hubble photos available
is all hubble data public
is all hubble data available to the public
is all hubble data available
is all hubble space telescope pictures public
is all hubble space telescope pictures available to the public
is all hubble space telescope pictures available
is all hubble space telescope images public
is all hubble space telescope images available to the public
is all hubble space telescope images available
is all hubble space telescope photos public
is all hubble space telescope photos available to the public
is all hubble space telescope photos available
is all hubble space telescope data public
is all hubble space telescope data available to the public
is all hubble space telescope data available
is all hubble telescope pictures public
is all hubble telescope pictures available to the public
is all hubble telescope pictures available
is all hubble telescope images public
is all hubble telescope images available to the public
is all hubble telescope images available
is all hubble telescope photos public
is all hubble telescope photos available to the public
is all hubble telescope photos available
is all hubble telescope data public
is all hubble telescope data available to the public
is all hubble telescope data available
are all hubble pictures public
are all hubble pictures available to the public
are all hubble pictures available
are all hubble images public
are all hubble images available to the public
are all hubble images available
are all hubble photos public
are all hubble photos available to the public
are all hubble photos available
are all hubble data public
are all hubble data available to the public
are all hubble data available
are all hubble space telescope pictures public
are all hubble space telescope pictures available to the public
are all hubble space telescope pictures available
are all hubble space telescope images public
are all hubble space telescope images available to the public
are all hubble space telescope images available
are all hubble space telescope photos public
are all hubble space telescope photos available to the public
are all hubble space telescope photos available
are all hubble space telescope data public
are all hubble space telescope data available to the public
are all hubble space telescope data available
are all hubble telescope pictures public
are all hubble telescope pictures available to the public
are all hubble telescope pictures available
are all hubble telescope images public
are all hubble telescope images available to the public
are all hubble telescope images available
are all hubble telescope photos public
are all hubble telescope photos available to the public
are all hubble telescope photos available
are all hubble telescope data public
are all hubble telescope data available to the public
are all hubble telescope data available
is hubble pictures public
is hubble pictures available to the public
is hubble pictures available
is hubble images public
is hubble images available to the public
is hubble images available
is hubble photos public
is hubble photos available to the public
is hubble photos available
is hubble data public
is hubble data available to the public
is hubble data available
is hubble space telescope pictures public
is hubble space telescope pictures available to the public
is hubble space telescope pictures available
is hubble space telescope images public
is hubble space telescope images available to the public
is hubble space telescope images available
is hubble space telescope photos public
is hubble space telescope photos available to the public
is hubble space telescope photos available
is hubble space telescope data public
is hubble space telescope data available to the public
is hubble space telescope data available
is hubble telescope pictures public
is hubble telescope pictures available to the public
is hubble telescope pictures available
is hubble telescope images public
is hubble telescope images available to the public
is hubble telescope images available
is hubble telescope photos public
is hubble telescope photos available to the public
is hubble telescope photos available
is hubble telescope data public
is hubble telescope data available to the public
is hubble telescope data available
are hubble pictures public
are hubble pictures available to the public
are hubble pictures available
are hubble images public
are hubble images available to the public
are hubble images available
are hubble photos public
are hubble photos available to the public
are hubble photos available
are hubble data public
are hubble data available to the public
are hubble data available
are hubble space telescope pictures public
are hubble space telescope pictures available to the public
are hubble space telescope pictures available
are hubble space telescope images public
are hubble space telescope images available to the public
are hubble space telescope images available
are hubble space telescope photos public
are hubble space telescope photos available to the public
are hubble space telescope photos available
are hubble space telescope data public
are hubble space telescope data available to the public
are hubble space telescope data available
are hubble telescope pictures public
are hubble telescope pictures available to the public
are hubble telescope pictures available
are hubble telescope images public
are hubble telescope images available to the public
are hubble telescope images available
are hubble telescope photos public
are hubble telescope photos available to the public
are hubble telescope photos available
are hubble telescope data public
are hubble telescope data available to the public
are hubble telescope data available
does hubble take pictures of our planet
does hubble take pictures of planet earth
does hubble take pictures of earth
does hubble take images of our planet
does hubble take images of planet earth
does hubble take images of earth
does hubble take photos of our planet
does hubble take photos of planet earth
does hubble take photos of earth
does hubble take data of our planet
does hubble take data of planet earth
does hubble take data of earth
does hubble space telescope take pictures of our planet
does hubble space telescope take pictures of planet earth
does hubble space telescope take pictures of earth
does hubble space telescope take images of our planet
does hubble space telescope take images of planet earth
does hubble space telescope take images of earth
does hubble space telescope take photos of our planet
does hubble space telescope take photos of planet earth
does hubble space telescope take photos of earth
does hubble space telescope take data of our planet
does hubble space telescope take data of planet earth
does hubble space telescope take data of earth
does hubble telescope take pictures of our planet
does hubble telescope take pictures of planet earth
does hubble telescope take pictures of earth
does hubble telescope take images of our planet
does hubble telescope take images of planet earth
does hubble telescope take images of earth
does hubble telescope take photos of our planet
does hubble telescope take photos of planet earth
does hubble telescope take photos of earth
does hubble telescope take data of our planet
does hubble telescope take data of planet earth
does hubble telescope take data of earth
Can hubble take pictures of our planet
Can hubble take pictures of planet earth
Can hubble take pictures of earth
Can hubble take images of our planet
Can hubble take images of planet earth
Can hubble take images of earth
Can hubble take photos of our planet
Can hubble take photos of planet earth
Can hubble take photos of earth
Can hubble take data of our planet
Can hubble take data of planet earth
Can hubble take data of earth
Can hubble space telescope take pictures of our planet
Can hubble space telescope take pictures of planet earth
Can hubble space telescope take pictures of earth
Can hubble space telescope take images of our planet
Can hubble space telescope take images of planet earth
Can hubble space telescope take images of earth
Can hubble space telescope take photos of our planet
Can hubble space telescope take photos of planet earth
Can hubble space telescope take photos of earth
Can hubble space telescope take data of our planet
Can hubble space telescope take data of planet earth
Can hubble space telescope take data of earth
Can hubble telescope take pictures of our planet
Can hubble telescope take pictures of planet earth
Can hubble telescope take pictures of earth
Can hubble telescope take images of our planet
Can hubble telescope take images of planet earth
Can hubble telescope take images of earth
Can hubble telescope take photos of our planet
Can hubble telescope take photos of planet earth
Can hubble telescope take photos of earth
Can hubble telescope take data of our planet
Can hubble telescope take data of planet earth
Can hubble telescope take data of earth
photo from the huble site
photo from the hubble space telescope
photo from the hubble telescope
photo from huble site
photo from hubble space telescope
photo from hubble telescope
image from the huble site
image from the hubble space telescope
image from the hubble telescope
image from huble site
image from hubble space telescope
image from hubble telescope
display from the huble site
display from the hubble space telescope
display from the hubble telescope
display from huble site
display from hubble space telescope
display from hubble telescope
show from the huble site
show from the hubble space telescope
show from the hubble telescope
show from huble site
show from hubble space telescope
show from hubble telescope
picture from the huble site
picture from the hubble space telescope
picture from the hubble telescope
picture from huble site
picture from hubble space telescope
picture from hubble telescope
huble site photo
huble site image
huble site display
huble site show
huble site picture
hubble space telescope photo
hubble space telescope image
hubble space telescope display
hubble space telescope show
hubble space telescope picture
hubble telescope photo
hubble telescope image
hubble telescope display
hubble telescope show
hubble telescope picture
where is Hubble looking at now
where is Hubble looking at
where is Hubble looking
where is hubble space telescope looking at now
where is hubble space telescope looking at
where is hubble space telescope looking
where is hubble telescope looking at now
where is hubble telescope looking at
where is hubble telescope looking
What is Hubble looking at now
What is Hubble looking at
What is Hubble looking
What is hubble space telescope looking at now
What is hubble space telescope looking at
What is hubble space telescope looking
What is hubble telescope looking at now
What is hubble telescope looking at
What is hubble telescope looking
where is Hubble pointing at now
where is Hubble pointing at
where is Hubble pointing
where is hubble space telescope pointing at now
where is hubble space telescope pointing at
where is hubble space telescope pointing
where is hubble telescope pointing at now
where is hubble telescope pointing at
where is hubble telescope pointing
What is Hubble pointing at now
What is Hubble pointing at
What is Hubble pointing
What is hubble space telescope pointing at now
What is hubble space telescope pointing at
What is hubble space telescope pointing
What is hubble telescope pointing at now
What is hubble telescope pointing at
What is hubble telescope pointing
Can we see live pictures from hubble
Can we see live pictures from hubble space telescope
Can we see live pictures from hubble telescope
Can we see live images from hubble
Can we see live images from hubble space telescope
Can we see live images from hubble telescope
Can we see live photos from hubble
Can we see live photos from hubble space telescope
Can we see live photos from hubble telescope
Can we see live data from hubble
Can we see live data from hubble space telescope
Can we see live data from hubble telescope
is there any live pictures from hubble
is there any live pictures from hubble space telescope
is there any live pictures from hubble telescope
is there any live images from hubble
is there any live images from hubble space telescope
is there any live images from hubble telescope
is there any live photos from hubble
is there any live photos from hubble space telescope
is there any live photos from hubble telescope
is there any live data from hubble
is there any live data from hubble space telescope
is there any live data from hubble telescope
does live pictures from hubble
does live pictures from hubble space telescope
does live pictures from hubble telescope
does live images from hubble
does live images from hubble space telescope
does live images from hubble telescope
does live photos from hubble
does live photos from hubble space telescope
does live photos from hubble telescope
does live data from hubble
does live data from hubble space telescope
does live data from hubble telescope
do live pictures from hubble exist
do live pictures from hubble space telescope exist
do live pictures from hubble telescope exist
do live images from hubble exist
do live images from hubble space telescope exist
do live images from hubble telescope exist
do live photos from hubble exist
do live photos from hubble space telescope exist
do live photos from hubble telescope exist
do live data from hubble exist
do live data from hubble space telescope exist
do live data from hubble telescope exist
does live pictures from hubble exist
does live pictures from hubble space telescope exist
does live pictures from hubble telescope exist
does live images from hubble exist
does live images from hubble space telescope exist
does live images from hubble telescope exist
does live photos from hubble exist
does live photos from hubble space telescope exist
does live photos from hubble telescope exist
does live data from hubble exist
does live data from hubble space telescope exist
does live data from hubble telescope exist
tell me the mission objectives of the hubble space telescope
tell me the mission objectives of the hubble telescope
tell me the mission objectives of hubble space telescope
tell me the mission objectives of hubble telescope
tell me the mission of the hubble space telescope
tell me the mission of the hubble telescope
tell me the mission of hubble space telescope
tell me the mission of hubble telescope
what is the mission objectives of the hubble space telescope
what is the mission objectives of the hubble telescope
what is the mission objectives of hubble space telescope
what is the mission objectives of hubble telescope
what is the mission of the hubble space telescope
what is the mission of the hubble telescope
what is the mission of hubble space telescope
what is the mission of hubble telescope
mission objectives of the hubble space telescope
mission objectives of the hubble telescope
mission objectives of hubble space telescope
mission objectives of hubble telescope
mission of the hubble space telescope
mission of the hubble telescope
mission of hubble space telescope
mission of hubble telescope
hubble space telescope mission objectives
hubble space telescope mission
hubble telescope mission objectives
hubble telescope mission
what is hubble space telescope mission objectives
what is hubble space telescope mission
what is hubble telescope mission objectives
what is hubble telescope mission
does hubble take pictures of the Moon
does hubble take images of the Moon
does hubble take photos of the Moon
does hubble take data of the Moon
does hubble space telescope take pictures of the Moon
does hubble space telescope take images of the Moon
does hubble space telescope take photos of the Moon
does hubble space telescope take data of the Moon
does hubble telescope take pictures of the Moon
does hubble telescope take images of the Moon
does hubble telescope take photos of the Moon
does hubble telescope take data of the Moon
Can hubble take pictures of the Moon
Can hubble take images of the Moon
Can hubble take photos of the Moon
Can hubble take data of the Moon
Can hubble space telescope take pictures of the Moon
Can hubble space telescope take images of the Moon
Can hubble space telescope take photos of the Moon
Can hubble space telescope take data of the Moon
Can hubble telescope take pictures of the Moon
Can hubble telescope take images of the Moon
Can hubble telescope take photos of the Moon
Can hubble telescope take data of the Moon
does hubble locate alien planets
does hubble locate planets
does hubble locate exo planets
does hubble locate new planets
does hubble locate any planets
does hubble found alien planets
does hubble found planets
does hubble found exo planets
does hubble found new planets
does hubble found any planets
does hubble find alien planets
does hubble find planets
does hubble find exo planets
does hubble find new planets
does hubble find any planets
does hubble space telescope locate alien planets
does hubble space telescope locate planets
does hubble space telescope locate exo planets
does hubble space telescope locate new planets
does hubble space telescope locate any planets
does hubble space telescope found alien planets
does hubble space telescope found planets
does hubble space telescope found exo planets
does hubble space telescope found new planets
does hubble space telescope found any planets
does hubble space telescope find alien planets
does hubble space telescope find planets
does hubble space telescope find exo planets
does hubble space telescope find new planets
does hubble space telescope find any planets
does hubble telescope locate alien planets
does hubble telescope locate planets
does hubble telescope locate exo planets
does hubble telescope locate new planets
does hubble telescope locate any planets
does hubble telescope found alien planets
does hubble telescope found planets
does hubble telescope found exo planets
does hubble telescope found new planets
does hubble telescope found any planets
does hubble telescope find alien planets
does hubble telescope find planets
does hubble telescope find exo planets
does hubble telescope find new planets
does hubble telescope find any planets
will hubble locate alien planets
will hubble locate planets
will hubble locate exo planets
will hubble locate new planets
will hubble locate any planets
will hubble found alien planets
will hubble found planets
will hubble found exo planets
will hubble found new planets
will hubble found any planets
will hubble find alien planets
will hubble find planets
will hubble find exo planets
will hubble find new planets
will hubble find any planets
will hubble space telescope locate alien planets
will hubble space telescope locate planets
will hubble space telescope locate exo planets
will hubble space telescope locate new planets
will hubble space telescope locate any planets
will hubble space telescope found alien planets
will hubble space telescope found planets
will hubble space telescope found exo planets
will hubble space telescope found new planets
will hubble space telescope found any planets
will hubble space telescope find alien planets
will hubble space telescope find planets
will hubble space telescope find exo planets
will hubble space telescope find new planets
will hubble space telescope find any planets
will hubble telescope locate alien planets
will hubble telescope locate planets
will hubble telescope locate exo planets
will hubble telescope locate new planets
will hubble telescope locate any planets
will hubble telescope found alien planets
will hubble telescope found planets
will hubble telescope found exo planets
will hubble telescope found new planets
will hubble telescope found any planets
will hubble telescope find alien planets
will hubble telescope find planets
will hubble telescope find exo planets
will hubble telescope find new planets
will hubble telescope find any planets
can hubble locate alien planets
can hubble locate planets
can hubble locate exo planets
can hubble locate new planets
can hubble locate any planets
can hubble found alien planets
can hubble found planets
can hubble found exo planets
can hubble found new planets
can hubble found any planets
can hubble find alien planets
can hubble find planets
can hubble find exo planets
can hubble find new planets
can hubble find any planets
can hubble space telescope locate alien planets
can hubble space telescope locate planets
can hubble space telescope locate exo planets
can hubble space telescope locate new planets
can hubble space telescope locate any planets
can hubble space telescope found alien planets
can hubble space telescope found planets
can hubble space telescope found exo planets
can hubble space telescope found new planets
can hubble space telescope found any planets
can hubble space telescope find alien planets
can hubble space telescope find planets
can hubble space telescope find exo planets
can hubble space telescope find new planets
can hubble space telescope find any planets
can hubble telescope locate alien planets
can hubble telescope locate planets
can hubble telescope locate exo planets
can hubble telescope locate new planets
can hubble telescope locate any planets
can hubble telescope found alien planets
can hubble telescope found planets
can hubble telescope found exo planets
can hubble telescope found new planets
can hubble telescope found any planets
can hubble telescope find alien planets
can hubble telescope find planets
can hubble telescope find exo planets
can hubble telescope find new planets
can hubble telescope find any planets
Did hubble locate alien planets
Did hubble locate planets
Did hubble locate exo planets
Did hubble locate new planets
Did hubble locate any planets
Did hubble found alien planets
Did hubble found planets
Did hubble found exo planets
Did hubble found new planets
Did hubble found any planets
Did hubble find alien planets
Did hubble find planets
Did hubble find exo planets
Did hubble find new planets
Did hubble find any planets
Did hubble space telescope locate alien planets
Did hubble space telescope locate planets
Did hubble space telescope locate exo planets
Did hubble space telescope locate new planets
Did hubble space telescope locate any planets
Did hubble space telescope found alien planets
Did hubble space telescope found planets
Did hubble space telescope found exo planets
Did hubble space telescope found new planets
Did hubble space telescope found any planets
Did hubble space telescope find alien planets
Did hubble space telescope find planets
Did hubble space telescope find exo planets
Did hubble space telescope find new planets
Did hubble space telescope find any planets
Did hubble telescope locate alien planets
Did hubble telescope locate planets
Did hubble telescope locate exo planets
Did hubble telescope locate new planets
Did hubble telescope locate any planets
Did hubble telescope found alien planets
Did hubble telescope found planets
Did hubble telescope found exo planets
Did hubble telescope found new planets
Did hubble telescope found any planets
Did hubble telescope find alien planets
Did hubble telescope find planets
Did hubble telescope find exo planets
Did hubble telescope find new planets
Did hubble telescope find any planets
what date was the hubble space telescope enabled
what date was the hubble space telescope sent to orbit
what date was the hubble space telescope deployed
what date was the hubble space telescope launched
what date was the hubble telescope enabled
what date was the hubble telescope sent to orbit
what date was the hubble telescope deployed
what date was the hubble telescope launched
what date was hubble space telescope enabled
what date was hubble space telescope sent to orbit
what date was hubble space telescope deployed
what date was hubble space telescope launched
what date was hubble telescope enabled
what date was hubble telescope sent to orbit
what date was hubble telescope deployed
what date was hubble telescope launched
when was the hubble space telescope enabled
when was the hubble space telescope sent to orbit
when was the hubble space telescope deployed
when was the hubble space telescope launched
when was the hubble telescope enabled
when was the hubble telescope sent to orbit
when was the hubble telescope deployed
when was the hubble telescope launched
when was hubble space telescope enabled
when was hubble space telescope sent to orbit
when was hubble space telescope deployed
when was hubble space telescope launched
when was hubble telescope enabled
when was hubble telescope sent to orbit
when was hubble telescope deployed
when was hubble telescope launched
hubble space telescope date of launch
hubble space telescope launch date
hubble telescope date of launch
hubble telescope launch date
what was the hubble space telescope date of launch
what was the hubble space telescope launch date
what was the hubble telescope date of launch
what was the hubble telescope launch date
what was hubble space telescope date of launch
what was hubble space telescope launch date
what was hubble telescope date of launch
what was hubble telescope launch date
when was the hubble space telescope date of launch
when was the hubble space telescope launch date
when was the hubble telescope date of launch
when was the hubble telescope launch date
when was hubble space telescope date of launch
when was hubble space telescope launch date
when was hubble telescope date of launch
when was hubble telescope launch date
who was hubble space telescope named for
who was hubble space telescope named after
who was hubble telescope named for
who was hubble telescope named after
who was Hubble
who was Edwin Hubble
who was Edwin Powell Hubble
tell me about Hubble
tell me about Edwin Hubble
tell me about Edwin Powell Hubble
tell me a joke
say a joke
do you know any jokes
can you tell jokes
make me laugh
Download custom skill
List installable skills.
List available skills.
Show me installable skills.
Show me available skills.
What can I install?
What skills can I install?
What are some skills I can install?
about the ISS
about the space station
talk about the international space station
what is ISS
tell me about international space station
talk about international space station
tell me about international space station
what is the international space station
when is the I S S passing by
when is the space station passing by
when is the international space station passing by
international space station passing over
where is the I S S
where is the space station
where is the international space station
international space station location
location of the space station
location of I S S
I S S location
Where is the space station
Where is the international space station
Where is the I S S
Where is the ISS
Where is space station
Where is international space station
Where is I S S
Where is ISS
Locate the space station
Locate the international space station
Locate the I S S
Locate the ISS
Locate space station
Locate international space station
Locate I S S
Locate ISS
show me horror movies screen
show me horror movies home screen
show me horror movies homescreen
show me kings of horror screen
show me kings of horror home screen
show me kings of horror homescreen
display horror movies screen
display horror movies home screen
display horror movies homescreen
display kings of horror screen
display kings of horror home screen
display kings of horror homescreen
open horror movies screen
open horror movies home screen
open horror movies homescreen
open kings of horror screen
open kings of horror home screen
open kings of horror homescreen
show horror movies screen
show horror movies home screen
show horror movies homescreen
show kings of horror screen
show kings of horror home screen
show kings of horror homescreen
show me horror movies
show me kings of horror
display horror movies
display kings of horror
open horror movies
open kings of horror
show horror movies
show kings of horror
show me horror movies screen
show me horror movies menu
show me kings of horror screen
show me kings of horror menu
display horror movies screen
display horror movies menu
display kings of horror screen
display kings of horror menu
open horror movies screen
open horror movies menu
open kings of horror screen
open kings of horror menu
show horror movies screen
show horror movies menu
show kings of horror screen
show kings of horror menu
horror movies screen
horror movies menu
kings of horror screen
kings of horror menu
laugh like alexa
can you laugh
evil laughter
evil laughs
evil laughing
evil laugh
laugh randomly
trigger random laughter
trigger random laughs
trigger random laughing
trigger random laugh
random laughter
random laughs
random laughing
random laugh
Are you haunted
Do you need an exorcism
can you differently say
can you differently answer
can you sometimes differently say
can you sometimes differently answer
can you that differently say
can you that differently answer
come up with something new
complete your answers
complete also sometimes your answers
I want to explain it to you
you will some learn
you will something learn
you will a little more learn
you will learn
you will still some learn
you will still something learn
you will still a little more learn
you will still learn
you should some learn
you should something learn
you should a little more learn
you should learn
you should still some learn
you should still something learn
you should still a little more learn
you should still learn
I explain to you
I explain it to you
add my dialogues
add your dialogues
expand my dialogues
expand your dialogues
can you edit my dialogues
can you edit your dialogues
can you work on my dialogues
can you work on your dialogues
you can edit my dialogues
you can edit your dialogues
you can work on my dialogues
you can work on your dialogues
I feel like edit my dialogues
I feel like edit your dialogues
I feel like work on my dialogues
I feel like work on your dialogues
switch your illumination
switch your illumination level
switch your brightness
switch your brightness level
switch your eye illumination
switch your eye illumination level
switch your eye brightness
switch your eye brightness level
switch the illumination
switch the illumination level
switch the brightness
switch the brightness level
switch the eye illumination
switch the eye illumination level
switch the eye brightness
switch the eye brightness level
set your illumination
set your illumination level
set your brightness
set your brightness level
set your eye illumination
set your eye illumination level
set your eye brightness
set your eye brightness level
set the illumination
set the illumination level
set the brightness
set the brightness level
set the eye illumination
set the eye illumination level
set the eye brightness
set the eye brightness level
change your illumination
change your illumination level
change your brightness
change your brightness level
change your eye illumination
change your eye illumination level
change your eye brightness
change your eye brightness level
change the illumination
change the illumination level
change the brightness
change the brightness level
change the eye illumination
change the eye illumination level
change the eye brightness
change the eye brightness level
you're dim
you're bright
you're too dim
you're too bright
you are dim
you are bright
you are too dim
you are too bright
brighten it up
dim it down a bit
set brightness to auto
auto brightness
show brightness settings
show device brightness settings
show homescreen settings
show idle page settings
show idle face settings
show idle screen settings
show resting page settings
show resting face settings
show resting screen settings
show home page settings
show home face settings
show home screen settings
show device idle page settings
show device idle face settings
show device idle screen settings
show device resting page settings
show device resting face settings
show device resting screen settings
show device home page settings
show device home face settings
show device home screen settings
show factory reset settings
show device factory reset settings
show device settings
open settings
show ssh settings
show device ssh settings
show wireless screen
show wireless settings
show wifi settings
show wifi screen
T bus arrivals
current backend
what backend are you using
is backend enable
is mycroft phoning home
are you phoning home
do not phone home
enable mock backend
disable mycroft backend
disable home dot mycroft dot ai
disable selene backend
enable fake backend
you can phone home
enable mycroft backend
enable home dot mycroft dot ai
enable selene backend
restore backend
restore mycroft backend
are you monkey patched
are you monkey patch
are you monkey patches
are the patches working
are the patches applied
are the monkey patch working
are the monkey patch applied
are the monkey patches working
are the monkey patches applied
is the monkey patch working
is the monkey patch done
turn on mouse jiggler
turn on mouse jiggle
turn on mouse activity
enable mouse jiggler
enable mouse jiggle
enable mouse activity
start mouse jiggler
start mouse jiggle
start mouse activity
mouse jiggler status
mouse jiggle status
mouse activity status
is mouse jiggler started
is mouse jiggler enabled
is mouse jiggler on
is mouse jiggle started
is mouse jiggle enabled
is mouse jiggle on
is mouse activity started
is mouse activity enabled
is mouse activity on
is mouse jiggler stopped
is mouse jiggler disabled
is mouse jiggler off
is mouse jiggle stopped
is mouse jiggle disabled
is mouse jiggle off
is mouse activity stopped
is mouse activity disabled
is mouse activity off
how is mouse jiggler
how is mouse jiggle
how is mouse activity
what is mouse jiggler
what is mouse jiggle
what is mouse activity
turn off mouse jiggler
turn off mouse jiggle
turn off mouse activity
disable mouse jiggler
disable mouse jiggle
disable mouse activity
stop mouse jiggler
stop mouse jiggle
stop mouse activity

search for popular flicks
search for popular films
search for popular movies
search popular flicks
search popular films
search popular movies
list popular flicks
list popular films
list popular movies
what are the popular flicks out now
what are the popular flicks out
what are the popular flicks playing now
what are the popular flicks playing
what are the popular films out now
what are the popular films out
what are the popular films playing now
what are the popular films playing
what are the popular movies out now
what are the popular movies out
what are the popular movies playing now
what are the popular movies playing
what are popular flicks out now
what are popular flicks out
what are popular flicks playing now
what are popular flicks playing
what are popular films out now
what are popular films out
what are popular films playing now
what are popular films playing
what are popular movies out now
what are popular movies out
what are popular movies playing now
what are popular movies playing
search for the highest rated flicks out now
search for the highest rated flicks out
search for the highest rated flicks playing now
search for the highest rated flicks playing
search for the highest rated films out now
search for the highest rated films out
search for the highest rated films playing now
search for the highest rated films playing
search for the highest rated movies out now
search for the highest rated movies out
search for the highest rated movies playing now
search for the highest rated movies playing
search for the most popular flicks out now
search for the most popular flicks out
search for the most popular flicks playing now
search for the most popular flicks playing
search for the most popular films out now
search for the most popular films out
search for the most popular films playing now
search for the most popular films playing
search for the most popular movies out now
search for the most popular movies out
search for the most popular movies playing now
search for the most popular movies playing
search for the top flicks out now
search for the top flicks out
search for the top flicks playing now
search for the top flicks playing
search for the top films out now
search for the top films out
search for the top films playing now
search for the top films playing
search for the top movies out now
search for the top movies out
search for the top movies playing now
search for the top movies playing
what are the highest rated flicks out now
what are the highest rated flicks out
what are the highest rated flicks playing now
what are the highest rated flicks playing
what are the highest rated films out now
what are the highest rated films out
what are the highest rated films playing now
what are the highest rated films playing
what are the highest rated movies out now
what are the highest rated movies out
what are the highest rated movies playing now
what are the highest rated movies playing
what are the most popular flicks out now
what are the most popular flicks out
what are the most popular flicks playing now
what are the most popular flicks playing
what are the most popular films out now
what are the most popular films out
what are the most popular films playing now
what are the most popular films playing
what are the most popular movies out now
what are the most popular movies out
what are the most popular movies playing now
what are the most popular movies playing
what are the top flicks out now
what are the top flicks out
what are the top flicks playing now
what are the top flicks playing
what are the top films out now
what are the top films out
what are the top films playing now
what are the top films playing
what are the top movies out now
what are the top movies out
what are the top movies playing now
what are the top movies playing
list the highest rated flicks out now
list the highest rated flicks out
list the highest rated flicks playing now
list the highest rated flicks playing
list the highest rated films out now
list the highest rated films out
list the highest rated films playing now
list the highest rated films playing
list the highest rated movies out now
list the highest rated movies out
list the highest rated movies playing now
list the highest rated movies playing
list the most popular flicks out now
list the most popular flicks out
list the most popular flicks playing now
list the most popular flicks playing
list the most popular films out now
list the most popular films out
list the most popular films playing now
list the most popular films playing
list the most popular movies out now
list the most popular movies out
list the most popular movies playing now
list the most popular movies playing
list the top flicks out now
list the top flicks out
list the top flicks playing now
list the top flicks playing
list the top films out now
list the top films out
list the top films playing now
list the top films playing
list the top movies out now
list the top movies out
list the top movies playing now
list the top movies playing
switch your illumination
switch your illumination level
switch your brightness
switch your brightness level
switch your eye illumination
switch your eye illumination level
switch your eye brightness
switch your eye brightness level
switch the illumination
switch the illumination level
switch the brightness
switch the brightness level
switch the eye illumination
switch the eye illumination level
switch the eye brightness
switch the eye brightness level
set your illumination
set your illumination level
set your brightness
set your brightness level
set your eye illumination
set your eye illumination level
set your eye brightness
set your eye brightness level
set the illumination
set the illumination level
set the brightness
set the brightness level
set the eye illumination
set the eye illumination level
set the eye brightness
set the eye brightness level
change your illumination
change your illumination level
change your brightness
change your brightness level
change your eye illumination
change your eye illumination level
change your eye brightness
change your eye brightness level
change the illumination
change the illumination level
change the brightness
change the brightness level
change the eye illumination
change the eye illumination level
change the eye brightness
change the eye brightness level
you're dim
you're bright
you're too dim
you're too bright
you are dim
you are bright
you are too dim
you are too bright
brighten it up
dim it down a bit
set brightness to auto
auto brightness
set custom eye colors
set custom eye color
change to a custom eye colors
change to a custom eye color
set to a custom eye colors
set to a custom eye color
set eye colors
set eye color
change eye colors
change eye color
make node red an fall back skill
make node red an fall back
make node red an fallback skill
make node red an fallback
make node red a fall back skill
make node red a fall back
make node red a fallback skill
make node red a fallback
make node red fall back skill
make node red fall back
make node red fallback skill
make node red fallback
make node an fall back skill
make node an fall back
make node an fallback skill
make node an fallback
make node a fall back skill
make node a fall back
make node a fallback skill
make node a fallback
make node fall back skill
make node fall back
make node fallback skill
make node fallback
end node red converse
end node red priority
end node converse
end node priority
stop node red converse
stop node red priority
stop node converse
stop node priority
kill node red converse
kill node red priority
kill node converse
kill node priority
abort node red converse
abort node red priority
abort node converse
abort node priority
turn off node red converse
turn off node red priority
turn off node converse
turn off node priority
disable node red converse
disable node red priority
disable node converse
disable node priority
make node red trigger on the end
make node red trigger at the end
make node red trigger in the end
make node red trigger last
make node trigger on the end
make node trigger at the end
make node trigger in the end
make node trigger last
make node red an priority skill
make node red an priority
make node red a priority skill
make node red a priority
make node red priority skill
make node red priority
make node an priority skill
make node an priority
make node a priority skill
make node a priority
make node priority skill
make node priority
make node red trigger before adapt
make node red trigger first
make node trigger before adapt
make node trigger first
ping node red
say hello to node red
is node red up
node red status
turn it off
turn the timer off
turn off timer
cancel the timer
kill the timer
Start a timer.
Set a timer.
how much is left on the timers
how much time is left on the timers
how much time left on the timers?
how much time left?
status of the timer
status of timers
status of the timers
timer status
timer statuses
status of the timer}
timer left?
time remaining on the timer
time remaining for ?
time remaining for timer ?
list out timers
list timers
stop timer.
turn off timer.
kill the timer.
stop all timers
stop timer
delete all timers
delete timers
delete timer
NatGeo picture of the day
National geographic picture of the day
today National geographic picture
today's National geographic picture
National geographic picture of today
National geographic picture
NatGeo picture
show me omeleto skill screen
show me omeleto skill home screen
show me omeleto skill homescreen
show me omeleto screen
show me omeleto home screen
show me omeleto homescreen
display omeleto skill screen
display omeleto skill home screen
display omeleto skill homescreen
display omeleto screen
display omeleto home screen
display omeleto homescreen
open omeleto skill screen
open omeleto skill home screen
open omeleto skill homescreen
open omeleto screen
open omeleto home screen
open omeleto homescreen
show omeleto skill screen
show omeleto skill home screen
show omeleto skill homescreen
show omeleto screen
show omeleto home screen
show omeleto homescreen
show me omeleto skill
show me omeleto
display omeleto skill
display omeleto
open omeleto skill
open omeleto
show omeleto skill
show omeleto
show me omeleto skill screen
show me omeleto skill menu
show me omeleto screen
show me omeleto menu
display omeleto skill screen
display omeleto skill menu
display omeleto screen
display omeleto menu
open omeleto skill screen
open omeleto skill menu
open omeleto screen
open omeleto menu
show omeleto skill screen
show omeleto skill menu
show omeleto screen
show omeleto menu
omeleto short movies screen
omeleto short movies menu
omeleto short movie screen
omeleto short movie menu
omeleto short film screen
omeleto short film menu
omeleto short films screen
omeleto short films menu
science fiction short movies screen
science fiction short movies menu
science fiction short movie screen
science fiction short movie menu
science fiction short film screen
science fiction short film menu
science fiction short films screen
science fiction short films menu
scifi short movies screen
scifi short movies menu
scifi short movie screen
scifi short movie menu
scifi short film screen
scifi short film menu
scifi short films screen
scifi short films menu
sci fi short movies screen
sci fi short movies menu
sci fi short movie screen
sci fi short movie menu
sci fi short film screen
sci fi short film menu
sci fi short films screen
sci fi short films menu
omeleto screen
omeleto menu
omeleto movies screen
omeleto movies menu
omeleto movie screen
omeleto movie menu
omeleto film screen
omeleto film menu
omeleto films screen
omeleto films menu
Do you hear this ?
Do you hear that ?
Do you hear me ?
Did you hear this ?
Did you hear that ?
Did you hear me ?
Can you hear this ?
Can you hear that ?
Can you hear me ?
What did I tell you ?
What did I say ?
What did I just tell you ?
What did I just say ?
What did you think I said?
What did you hear me say?
Tell me what I said.
Tell me what I just said.
What did you tell me ?
What did you say ?
What did you just tell me ?
What did you just say ?
Repeat what you said.
Repeat what you just said.
Can you repeat that?
Repeat that.
say again?
say that again?
Can you say again?
Can you say that again?
Say that one more time .
Say that once more .
What was that?
Come again?
start parroting
engage parrot mode
parrot mode on
parrot mode start
start parrot mode
start parrot
repeat everything
repeat everything you hear
stop parroting
stop parrot mode
disengage parroting
disengage parrot mode
abort parroting
abort parrot mode
cancel parroting
cancel parrot mode
disable parroting
disable parrot mode
parroting stop
parrot mode stop
parroting disengage
parrot mode disengage
parroting abort
parrot mode abort
parroting cancel
parrot mode cancel
parroting disable
parrot mode disable
stop repeating me
where do you get your pickup lines
what is the source of your pickup lines
where do your random pickup lines come from
where do you get your quotes
what is the source of your quotes
where do your random quotes come from
can your quotes be trusted
are your quotes trustworthy
can i trust your quotes
can i trust They said so
recent sunspot
recent sun spots
recent sunspots
sunspot recently
sun spots recently
sunspots recently
count of sunspot recently
count of sun spots recently
count of sunspots recently
how many of sunspot recently
how many of sun spots recently
how many of sunspots recently
number of sunspot recently
number of sun spots recently
number of sunspots recently
recent sunspot count
recent sunspot number
recent sun spots count
recent sun spots number
recent sunspots count
recent sunspots number
Answer all calls
Answer all incoming calls
what is the call status
what is the phone status
what is the call state
what is the phone state
call state
phone state
call status
phone status
List contacts
list my contacts
What numbers do you have
What phone numbers do you know
How many contacts
How many do you have
How many phone numbers do you know
Number of contacts
make calls an fall back skill
make calls an fall back
make calls an fallback skill
make calls an fallback
make calls a fall back skill
make calls a fall back
make calls a fallback skill
make calls a fallback
make calls fall back skill
make calls fall back
make calls fallback skill
make calls fallback
make phone an fall back skill
make phone an fall back
make phone an fallback skill
make phone an fallback
make phone a fall back skill
make phone a fall back
make phone a fallback skill
make phone a fallback
make phone fall back skill
make phone fall back
make phone fallback skill
make phone fallback
make VOIP an fall back skill
make VOIP an fall back
make VOIP an fallback skill
make VOIP an fallback
make VOIP a fall back skill
make VOIP a fall back
make VOIP a fallback skill
make VOIP a fallback
make VOIP fall back skill
make VOIP fall back
make VOIP fallback skill
make VOIP fallback
make SIP an fall back skill
make SIP an fall back
make SIP an fallback skill
make SIP an fallback
make SIP a fall back skill
make SIP a fall back
make SIP a fallback skill
make SIP a fallback
make SIP fall back skill
make SIP fall back
make SIP fallback skill
make SIP fallback
end calls converse
end calls priority
end phone converse
end phone priority
end VOIP converse
end VOIP priority
end SIP converse
end SIP priority
stop calls converse
stop calls priority
stop phone converse
stop phone priority
stop VOIP converse
stop VOIP priority
stop SIP converse
stop SIP priority
kill calls converse
kill calls priority
kill phone converse
kill phone priority
kill VOIP converse
kill VOIP priority
kill SIP converse
kill SIP priority
abort calls converse
abort calls priority
abort phone converse
abort phone priority
abort VOIP converse
abort VOIP priority
abort SIP converse
abort SIP priority
turn off calls converse
turn off calls priority
turn off phone converse
turn off phone priority
turn off VOIP converse
turn off VOIP priority
turn off SIP converse
turn off SIP priority
disable calls converse
disable calls priority
disable phone converse
disable phone priority
disable VOIP converse
disable VOIP priority
disable SIP converse
disable SIP priority
make calls trigger on the end
make calls trigger at the end
make calls trigger in the end
make calls trigger last
make phone trigger on the end
make phone trigger at the end
make phone trigger in the end
make phone trigger last
make VOIP trigger on the end
make VOIP trigger at the end
make VOIP trigger in the end
make VOIP trigger last
make SIP trigger on the end
make SIP trigger at the end
make SIP trigger in the end
make SIP trigger last
make calls an priority skill
make calls an priority
make calls a priority skill
make calls a priority
make calls priority skill
make calls priority
make phone an priority skill
make phone an priority
make phone a priority skill
make phone a priority
make phone priority skill
make phone priority
make VOIP an priority skill
make VOIP an priority
make VOIP a priority skill
make VOIP a priority
make VOIP priority skill
make VOIP priority
make SIP an priority skill
make SIP an priority
make SIP a priority skill
make SIP a priority
make SIP priority skill
make SIP priority
make calls trigger before adapt
make calls trigger first
make phone trigger before adapt
make phone trigger first
make VOIP trigger before adapt
make VOIP trigger first
make SIP trigger before adapt
make SIP trigger first
Manual call handling
Ask before calls
Ask before accepting calls
Ask before rejecting calls
Dont handle calls automatically
Do not handle calls automatically
SIP login
VOIP login
login into SIP
login into VOIP
Reject all calls
Reject all incoming calls
Hang up all calls
Hang up incoming calls
SIP reboot
SIP restart
VOIP reboot
VOIP restart
reboot SIP
restart SIP
reboot VOIP
restart VOIP
resume call
show voip skill homescreen
show voip skill homepage
open voip skill homescreen
open voip skill homepage
open voip skill
show voip skill
Retrieve contacts
Download contacts
Synchronize contacts
unmute call
play sky live stream
play sky live news
show sky live stream
open sky live stream
open sky live news
show sky live news
stop sky live stream
stop sky stream
close sky stream
show me smod menu
show me smod screen
show me smod home screen
show me smod homescreen
show me stoned meadow of doom menu
show me stoned meadow of doom screen
show me stoned meadow of doom home screen
show me stoned meadow of doom homescreen
display smod menu
display smod screen
display smod home screen
display smod homescreen
display stoned meadow of doom menu
display stoned meadow of doom screen
display stoned meadow of doom home screen
display stoned meadow of doom homescreen
open smod menu
open smod screen
open smod home screen
open smod homescreen
open stoned meadow of doom menu
open stoned meadow of doom screen
open stoned meadow of doom home screen
open stoned meadow of doom homescreen
show smod menu
show smod screen
show smod home screen
show smod homescreen
show stoned meadow of doom menu
show stoned meadow of doom screen
show stoned meadow of doom home screen
show stoned meadow of doom homescreen
show me smod
show me stoned meadow of doom
display smod
display stoned meadow of doom
open smod
open stoned meadow of doom
show smod
show stoned meadow of doom
show me smod skill menu
show me smod skill screen
show me smod skill home screen
show me smod skill homescreen
show me stoned meadow of doom skill menu
show me stoned meadow of doom skill screen
show me stoned meadow of doom skill home screen
show me stoned meadow of doom skill homescreen
display smod skill menu
display smod skill screen
display smod skill home screen
display smod skill homescreen
display stoned meadow of doom skill menu
display stoned meadow of doom skill screen
display stoned meadow of doom skill home screen
display stoned meadow of doom skill homescreen
open smod skill menu
open smod skill screen
open smod skill home screen
open smod skill homescreen
open stoned meadow of doom skill menu
open stoned meadow of doom skill screen
open stoned meadow of doom skill home screen
open stoned meadow of doom skill homescreen
show smod skill menu
show smod skill screen
show smod skill home screen
show smod skill homescreen
show stoned meadow of doom skill menu
show stoned meadow of doom skill screen
show stoned meadow of doom skill home screen
show stoned meadow of doom skill homescreen
show me smod skill
show me stoned meadow of doom skill
display smod skill
display stoned meadow of doom skill
open smod skill
open stoned meadow of doom skill
show smod skill
show stoned meadow of doom skill
smod menu
smod screen
smod home screen
smod homescreen
stoned meadow of doom menu
stoned meadow of doom screen
stoned meadow of doom home screen
stoned meadow of doom homescreen
show me soviet synth wave menu
show me soviet synth wave screen
show me soviet synth wave home screen
show me soviet synth wave homescreen
show me soviet synthwave menu
show me soviet synthwave screen
show me soviet synthwave home screen
show me soviet synthwave homescreen
show me sovietwave menu
show me sovietwave screen
show me sovietwave home screen
show me sovietwave homescreen
show me soviet wave menu
show me soviet wave screen
show me soviet wave home screen
show me soviet wave homescreen
display soviet synth wave menu
display soviet synth wave screen
display soviet synth wave home screen
display soviet synth wave homescreen
display soviet synthwave menu
display soviet synthwave screen
display soviet synthwave home screen
display soviet synthwave homescreen
display sovietwave menu
display sovietwave screen
display sovietwave home screen
display sovietwave homescreen
display soviet wave menu
display soviet wave screen
display soviet wave home screen
display soviet wave homescreen
open soviet synth wave menu
open soviet synth wave screen
open soviet synth wave home screen
open soviet synth wave homescreen
open soviet synthwave menu
open soviet synthwave screen
open soviet synthwave home screen
open soviet synthwave homescreen
open sovietwave menu
open sovietwave screen
open sovietwave home screen
open sovietwave homescreen
open soviet wave menu
open soviet wave screen
open soviet wave home screen
open soviet wave homescreen
show soviet synth wave menu
show soviet synth wave screen
show soviet synth wave home screen
show soviet synth wave homescreen
show soviet synthwave menu
show soviet synthwave screen
show soviet synthwave home screen
show soviet synthwave homescreen
show sovietwave menu
show sovietwave screen
show sovietwave home screen
show sovietwave homescreen
show soviet wave menu
show soviet wave screen
show soviet wave home screen
show soviet wave homescreen
show me soviet synth wave
show me soviet synthwave
show me sovietwave
show me soviet wave
display soviet synth wave
display soviet synthwave
display sovietwave
display soviet wave
open soviet synth wave
open soviet synthwave
open sovietwave
open soviet wave
show soviet synth wave
show soviet synthwave
show sovietwave
show soviet wave
show me soviet synth wave skill menu
show me soviet synth wave skill screen
show me soviet synth wave skill home screen
show me soviet synth wave skill homescreen
show me soviet synthwave skill menu
show me soviet synthwave skill screen
show me soviet synthwave skill home screen
show me soviet synthwave skill homescreen
show me sovietwave skill menu
show me sovietwave skill screen
show me sovietwave skill home screen
show me sovietwave skill homescreen
show me soviet wave skill menu
show me soviet wave skill screen
show me soviet wave skill home screen
show me soviet wave skill homescreen
display soviet synth wave skill menu
display soviet synth wave skill screen
display soviet synth wave skill home screen
display soviet synth wave skill homescreen
display soviet synthwave skill menu
display soviet synthwave skill screen
display soviet synthwave skill home screen
display soviet synthwave skill homescreen
display sovietwave skill menu
display sovietwave skill screen
display sovietwave skill home screen
display sovietwave skill homescreen
display soviet wave skill menu
display soviet wave skill screen
display soviet wave skill home screen
display soviet wave skill homescreen
open soviet synth wave skill menu
open soviet synth wave skill screen
open soviet synth wave skill home screen
open soviet synth wave skill homescreen
open soviet synthwave skill menu
open soviet synthwave skill screen
open soviet synthwave skill home screen
open soviet synthwave skill homescreen
open sovietwave skill menu
open sovietwave skill screen
open sovietwave skill home screen
open sovietwave skill homescreen
open soviet wave skill menu
open soviet wave skill screen
open soviet wave skill home screen
open soviet wave skill homescreen
show soviet synth wave skill menu
show soviet synth wave skill screen
show soviet synth wave skill home screen
show soviet synth wave skill homescreen
show soviet synthwave skill menu
show soviet synthwave skill screen
show soviet synthwave skill home screen
show soviet synthwave skill homescreen
show sovietwave skill menu
show sovietwave skill screen
show sovietwave skill home screen
show sovietwave skill homescreen
show soviet wave skill menu
show soviet wave skill screen
show soviet wave skill home screen
show soviet wave skill homescreen
show me soviet synth wave skill
show me soviet synthwave skill
show me sovietwave skill
show me soviet wave skill
display soviet synth wave skill
display soviet synthwave skill
display sovietwave skill
display soviet wave skill
open soviet synth wave skill
open soviet synthwave skill
open sovietwave skill
open soviet wave skill
show soviet synth wave skill
show soviet synthwave skill
show sovietwave skill
show soviet wave skill
soviet synth wave menu
soviet synth wave screen
soviet synth wave home screen
soviet synth wave homescreen
soviet synthwave menu
soviet synthwave screen
soviet synthwave home screen
soviet synthwave homescreen
sovietwave menu
sovietwave screen
sovietwave home screen
sovietwave homescreen
soviet wave menu
soviet wave screen
soviet wave home screen
soviet wave homescreen
recent news about space
recent space news
news about space from recently
space news from recently
display stuff around the earth
display stuff in orbit
display orbital debris
plot stuff around the earth
plot stuff in orbit
plot orbital debris
show stuff around the earth
show stuff in orbit
show orbital debris
//play the album holy mountain
//play the album named holy mountain
//play the album holy mountain by sleep
//play the album called holy mountain by sleep
//play the album called holy mountain by the band sleep
play ( some ) music on spotify
play ( some ) music with spotify
play ( some ) music using spotify
play ( some ) music
play a piece on spotify
play a piece with spotify
play a piece using spotify
play a piece
play a song on spotify
play a song with spotify
play a song using spotify
play a song
play a track on spotify
play a track with spotify
play a track using spotify
play a track
play something on spotify
play something with spotify
play something using spotify
play something
play something on spotify
play something with spotify
play something using spotify
play something
//play holy mountain
//play the song holy mountain
//play the song holy mountain by sleep
//play holy mountain by the band sleep
//play holy mountain by the band called sleep
//play holy mountain by the group sleep
//play holy mountain by the group called sleep
//play holy mountain off holy mountain
//play holy mountain by sleep from holy mountain
//play holy mountain off the album holy mountain
//
//FAILING:
//
//play holy mountain by sleep from called holy mountain
//play holy mountain from the album called holy mountain
//play holy mountain by the band sleep from called holy mountain
//play the song called holy mountain by the band called sleep
//play the song called holy mountain by sleep
//play holy mountain by the band called sleep from called holy mountain
//play the song called holy mountain off the album named holy mountain
//play the song named holy mountain from holy mountain
//play the song named holy mountain from named holy mountain
//play the song named holy mountain by sleep off the album named holy mountain
//play the song named holy mountain by sleep off the album holy mountain
//play the song holy mountain by the musicians sleep
//play the song holy mountain by the musicians named sleep
//play the song called holy mountain by the musicians sleep
//play the song called holy mountain by the musicians called sleep
unset spotify shuffling
unset spotify shuffle
disable spotify shuffling
disable spotify shuffle
switch spotify shuffling
switch spotify shuffle
switch off spotify shuffling
switch off spotify shuffle
turn spotify shuffling
turn spotify shuffle
turn off spotify shuffling
turn off spotify shuffle
set spotify shuffling off
set spotify shuffle off
set spotify shuffling on
set spotify shuffling
set spotify shuffle on
set spotify shuffle
enable spotify shuffling on
enable spotify shuffling
enable spotify shuffle on
enable spotify shuffle
turn on spotify shuffling on
turn on spotify shuffling
turn on spotify shuffle on
turn on spotify shuffle
create a troubleshoot request
create a troubleshooting ticket
troubleshoot my device
contact support
create a support ticket
create a troubleshoot request
troubleshoot my device
contact support
create a support ticket
Restart IDE
Activate THEIA IDE
Activate theia IDE
Run THEIA IDE
Run theia IDE
Start THEIA IDE
Start theia IDE
Deactivate THEIA IDE
Deactivate theia IDE
Stop THEIA IDE
Stop theia IDE
End THEIA IDE
End theia IDE
show me black metal menu
show me black metal screen
show me black metal home screen
show me black metal homescreen
display black metal menu
display black metal screen
display black metal home screen
display black metal homescreen
open black metal menu
open black metal screen
open black metal home screen
open black metal homescreen
show black metal menu
show black metal screen
show black metal home screen
show black metal homescreen
show me black metal
display black metal
open black metal
show black metal
show me black metal skill menu
show me black metal skill screen
show me black metal skill home screen
show me black metal skill homescreen
display black metal skill menu
display black metal skill screen
display black metal skill home screen
display black metal skill homescreen
open black metal skill menu
open black metal skill screen
open black metal skill home screen
open black metal skill homescreen
show black metal skill menu
show black metal skill screen
show black metal skill home screen
show black metal skill homescreen
show me black metal skill
display black metal skill
open black metal skill
show black metal skill
black metal menu
black metal screen
black metal home screen
black metal homescreen
open twitch app
show twitch app
launch twitch app
open twitch tv
show twitch tv
display last picture
display last photo
display latest picture
display latest photo
display last picture
display my user last picture
display my last photo
display my latest picture
display my latest photo
show the last picture
show the last photo
show the last pic
show the last pick
show latest picture
show latest photo
show latest pic
show latest pick
show me my last picture
show me my latest picture
show me my latest photo
show me my latest pic
show me my latest pick
display last video
display latest video
display my last video
display my latest video
show the last video
show latest video
show me my the last video
show me my latest video
playback my last video
play back last video
play back my user last video
show my user photo
show my user picture
show my user video
take picture
take my user picture
take photo
take my user photo
take a picture
camera capture
webcam capture
take a video
neon take a video
about viirs
about Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite
talk about Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite
what is Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite
tell me about Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite
tell me about the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite
Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite picture
My House from space
my location from space
show my house from space
show my location from space
My House from orbit
my location from orbit
show my house from orbit
show my location from orbit
picture from Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite
picture from Viirs
My location from orbit past weekend
My location from orbit past day
My location from orbit past year
My location from orbit past month
My location from orbit past week
My location from orbit last weekend
My location from orbit last day
My location from orbit last year
My location from orbit last month
My location from orbit last week
My location from space past weekend
My location from space past day
My location from space past year
My location from space past month
My location from space past week
My location from space last weekend
My location from space last day
My location from space last year
My location from space last month
My location from space last week
My House from orbit past weekend
My House from orbit past day
My House from orbit past year
My House from orbit past month
My House from orbit past week
My House from orbit last weekend
My House from orbit last day
My House from orbit last year
My House from orbit last month
My House from orbit last week
My House from space past weekend
My House from space past day
My House from space past year
My House from space past month
My House from space past week
My House from space last weekend
My House from space last day
My House from space last year
My House from space last month
My House from space last week
My location from orbit yesterday
My location from space yesterday
My House from orbit yesterday
My House from space yesterday
Answer all calls
Answer all incoming calls
what is the call status
what is the phone status
what is the call state
what is the phone state
call state
phone state
call status
phone status
List contacts
What numbers do you have
What phone numbers do you know
How many contacts
How many do you have
How many phone numbers do you know
Number of contacts
make calls an fall back skill
make calls an fall back
make calls an fallback skill
make calls an fallback
make calls a fall back skill
make calls a fall back
make calls a fallback skill
make calls a fallback
make calls fall back skill
make calls fall back
make calls fallback skill
make calls fallback
make phone an fall back skill
make phone an fall back
make phone an fallback skill
make phone an fallback
make phone a fall back skill
make phone a fall back
make phone a fallback skill
make phone a fallback
make phone fall back skill
make phone fall back
make phone fallback skill
make phone fallback
make VOIP an fall back skill
make VOIP an fall back
make VOIP an fallback skill
make VOIP an fallback
make VOIP a fall back skill
make VOIP a fall back
make VOIP a fallback skill
make VOIP a fallback
make VOIP fall back skill
make VOIP fall back
make VOIP fallback skill
make VOIP fallback
make SIP an fall back skill
make SIP an fall back
make SIP an fallback skill
make SIP an fallback
make SIP a fall back skill
make SIP a fall back
make SIP a fallback skill
make SIP a fallback
make SIP fall back skill
make SIP fall back
make SIP fallback skill
make SIP fallback
end calls converse
end calls priority
end phone converse
end phone priority
end VOIP converse
end VOIP priority
end SIP converse
end SIP priority
stop calls converse
stop calls priority
stop phone converse
stop phone priority
stop VOIP converse
stop VOIP priority
stop SIP converse
stop SIP priority
kill calls converse
kill calls priority
kill phone converse
kill phone priority
kill VOIP converse
kill VOIP priority
kill SIP converse
kill SIP priority
abort calls converse
abort calls priority
abort phone converse
abort phone priority
abort VOIP converse
abort VOIP priority
abort SIP converse
abort SIP priority
turn off calls converse
turn off calls priority
turn off phone converse
turn off phone priority
turn off VOIP converse
turn off VOIP priority
turn off SIP converse
turn off SIP priority
disable calls converse
disable calls priority
disable phone converse
disable phone priority
disable VOIP converse
disable VOIP priority
disable SIP converse
disable SIP priority
make calls trigger on the end
make calls trigger at the end
make calls trigger in the end
make calls trigger last
make phone trigger on the end
make phone trigger at the end
make phone trigger in the end
make phone trigger last
make VOIP trigger on the end
make VOIP trigger at the end
make VOIP trigger in the end
make VOIP trigger last
make SIP trigger on the end
make SIP trigger at the end
make SIP trigger in the end
make SIP trigger last
make calls an priority skill
make calls an priority
make calls a priority skill
make calls a priority
make calls priority skill
make calls priority
make phone an priority skill
make phone an priority
make phone a priority skill
make phone a priority
make phone priority skill
make phone priority
make VOIP an priority skill
make VOIP an priority
make VOIP a priority skill
make VOIP a priority
make VOIP priority skill
make VOIP priority
make SIP an priority skill
make SIP an priority
make SIP a priority skill
make SIP a priority
make SIP priority skill
make SIP priority
make calls trigger before adapt
make calls trigger first
make phone trigger before adapt
make phone trigger first
make VOIP trigger before adapt
make VOIP trigger first
make SIP trigger before adapt
make SIP trigger first
Manual call handling
Ask before calls
Ask before accepting calls
Ask before rejecting calls
Dont handle calls automatically
Do not handle calls automatically
SIP login
VOIP login
login into SIP
login into VOIP
Reject all calls
Reject all incoming calls
Hang up all calls
Hang up incoming calls
SIP reboot
SIP restart
VOIP reboot
VOIP restart
reboot SIP
restart SIP
reboot VOIP
restart VOIP
resume
resume call
show voip skill homescreen
show voip skill homepage
open voip skill homescreen
open voip skill homepage
open voip skill
show voip skill
Retrieve contacts
Download contacts
Synchronize contacts
unmute
unmute call
new image
new photo
new picture
random image
random photo
random picture
display image
display photo
display picture
show image
show photo
show picture
display me a image
display me a photo
display me a picture
show me a image
show me a photo
show me a picture
display me a another image
display me a another photo
display me a another picture
display me a other image
display me a other photo
display me a other picture
display me a new image
display me a new photo
display me a new picture
display me a random image
display me a random photo
display me a random picture
show me a another image
show me a another photo
show me a another picture
show me a other image
show me a other photo
show me a other picture
show me a new image
show me a new photo
show me a new picture
show me a random image
show me a random photo
show me a random picture
display another image
display another photo
display another picture
display other image
display other photo
display other picture
display new image
display new photo
display new picture
display random image
display random photo
display random picture
show another image
show another photo
show another picture
show other image
show other photo
show other picture
show new image
show new photo
show new picture
show random image
show random photo
show random picture
new wall paper
new wallpaper
random wall paper
random wallpaper
change wall paper
change wallpaper
tell me about james webb space telescope
tell me about james webb telescope
tell me about james web space telescope
tell me about james web telescope
tell me about webb space telescope
tell me about webb telescope
tell me about web space telescope
tell me about web telescope
what is james webb space telescope
what is james webb telescope
what is james web space telescope
what is james web telescope
what is webb space telescope
what is webb telescope
what is web space telescope
what is web telescope
about james webb space telescope
about james webb telescope
about james web space telescope
about james web telescope
about webb space telescope
about webb telescope
about web space telescope
about web telescope
tell me about the james webb space telescope
tell me about the james webb telescope
tell me about the james web space telescope
tell me about the james web telescope
tell me about the webb space telescope
tell me about the webb telescope
tell me about the web space telescope
tell me about the web telescope
what is the james webb space telescope
what is the james webb telescope
what is the james web space telescope
what is the james web telescope
what is the webb space telescope
what is the webb telescope
what is the web space telescope
what is the web telescope
about the james webb space telescope
about the james webb telescope
about the james web space telescope
about the james web telescope
about the webb space telescope
about the webb telescope
about the web space telescope
about the web telescope
photo from the james webb space telescope
photo from the james webb telescope
photo from the james web space telescope
photo from the james web telescope
photo from the webb space telescope
photo from the webb telescope
photo from the web space telescope
photo from the web telescope
photo from james webb space telescope
photo from james webb telescope
photo from james web space telescope
photo from james web telescope
photo from webb space telescope
photo from webb telescope
photo from web space telescope
photo from web telescope
image from the james webb space telescope
image from the james webb telescope
image from the james web space telescope
image from the james web telescope
image from the webb space telescope
image from the webb telescope
image from the web space telescope
image from the web telescope
image from james webb space telescope
image from james webb telescope
image from james web space telescope
image from james web telescope
image from webb space telescope
image from webb telescope
image from web space telescope
image from web telescope
display from the james webb space telescope
display from the james webb telescope
display from the james web space telescope
display from the james web telescope
display from the webb space telescope
display from the webb telescope
display from the web space telescope
display from the web telescope
display from james webb space telescope
display from james webb telescope
display from james web space telescope
display from james web telescope
display from webb space telescope
display from webb telescope
display from web space telescope
display from web telescope
show from the james webb space telescope
show from the james webb telescope
show from the james web space telescope
show from the james web telescope
show from the webb space telescope
show from the webb telescope
show from the web space telescope
show from the web telescope
show from james webb space telescope
show from james webb telescope
show from james web space telescope
show from james web telescope
show from webb space telescope
show from webb telescope
show from web space telescope
show from web telescope
picture from the james webb space telescope
picture from the james webb telescope
picture from the james web space telescope
picture from the james web telescope
picture from the webb space telescope
picture from the webb telescope
picture from the web space telescope
picture from the web telescope
picture from james webb space telescope
picture from james webb telescope
picture from james web space telescope
picture from james web telescope
picture from webb space telescope
picture from webb telescope
picture from web space telescope
picture from web telescope
james webb space telescope photo
james webb space telescope image
james webb space telescope display
james webb space telescope show
james webb space telescope picture
james webb telescope photo
james webb telescope image
james webb telescope display
james webb telescope show
james webb telescope picture
james web space telescope photo
james web space telescope image
james web space telescope display
james web space telescope show
james web space telescope picture
james web telescope photo
james web telescope image
james web telescope display
james web telescope show
james web telescope picture
webb space telescope photo
webb space telescope image
webb space telescope display
webb space telescope show
webb space telescope picture
webb telescope photo
webb telescope image
webb telescope display
webb telescope show
webb telescope picture
web space telescope photo
web space telescope image
web space telescope display
web space telescope show
web space telescope picture
web telescope photo
web telescope image
web telescope display
web telescope show
web telescope picture
james webb space telescope photo
james webb space telescope image
james webb space telescope display
james webb space telescope show
james webb space telescope picture
james webb telescope photo
james webb telescope image
james webb telescope display
james webb telescope show
james webb telescope picture
james web space telescope photo
james web space telescope image
james web space telescope display
james web space telescope show
james web space telescope picture
james web telescope photo
james web telescope image
james web telescope display
james web telescope show
james web telescope picture
webb space telescope photo
webb space telescope image
webb space telescope display
webb space telescope show
webb space telescope picture
webb telescope photo
webb telescope image
webb telescope display
webb telescope show
webb telescope picture
web space telescope photo
web space telescope image
web space telescope display
web space telescope show
web space telescope picture
web telescope photo
web telescope image
web telescope display
web telescope show
web telescope picture
show wikidata homepage
wikipedia roulette
wiki roulette
play the wikipedia roulette
play the wiki roulette
play wikipedia roulette
play wiki roulette
random wikipedia page
random wiki page
random wikipedia
random wiki
open random wikipedia
open random wiki
display random wikipedia
display random wiki
show random wikipedia
show random wiki
tell me a wisdom
tell me a quote
tell me some wisdom
tell me some quote
give me a wisdom
give me a quote
give me some wisdom
give me some quote
I need some wisdom
show me the latest comic
display latest xkcd
show xkcd
display xkcd
display a xkcd comic
display a comic
latest xkcd
random comic
show random comic
random xkcd
display random xkcd
xkcd random comic
show me a random xkcd comic
show me a random comic
show me a comic
how many xkcd comics
number of xkcd comics
xkcd comic numbers
total xkcd comics
open the xkcd website
open the website for xkcd
xkcd website
youtube replay
youtube repeat
youtube replay last video
youtube repeat last video
replay last video
repeat last video
open the youtube app
open youtube app
show the youtube app
open the youtube application
open youtube application
show the youtube application
show youtube app
show me whats trending on youtube
:0
am
a.m
a.m.
AM
A.M
pm
p.m.
p.m
PM
P.M
morning
evening
today
tomorrow
weekends
weekend
weekdays
weekday
day
sunday
saturday
friday
thursday
wednesday
tuesday
monday
sundays
saturdays
fridays
thursdays
wednesdays
tuesdays
mondays
weekend
weekday
day
sundays
sunday
saturdays
saturday
fridays
friday
thursdays
thursday
wednesdays
wednesday
tuesdays
tuesday
mondays
monday
sundays and sundays
sundays and sunday
sundays and saturdays
sundays and saturday
sundays and fridays
sundays and friday
sundays and thursdays
sundays and thursday
sundays and wednesdays
sundays and wednesday
sundays and tuesdays
sundays and tuesday
sundays and mondays
sundays and monday
sunday and sundays
sunday and sunday
sunday and saturdays
sunday and saturday
sunday and fridays
sunday and friday
sunday and thursdays
sunday and thursday
sunday and wednesdays
sunday and wednesday
sunday and tuesdays
sunday and tuesday
sunday and mondays
sunday and monday
saturdays and sundays
saturdays and sunday
saturdays and saturdays
saturdays and saturday
saturdays and fridays
saturdays and friday
saturdays and thursdays
saturdays and thursday
saturdays and wednesdays
saturdays and wednesday
saturdays and tuesdays
saturdays and tuesday
saturdays and mondays
saturdays and monday
saturday and sundays
saturday and sunday
saturday and saturdays
saturday and saturday
saturday and fridays
saturday and friday
saturday and thursdays
saturday and thursday
saturday and wednesdays
saturday and wednesday
saturday and tuesdays
saturday and tuesday
saturday and mondays
saturday and monday
fridays and sundays
fridays and sunday
fridays and saturdays
fridays and saturday
fridays and fridays
fridays and friday
fridays and thursdays
fridays and thursday
fridays and wednesdays
fridays and wednesday
fridays and tuesdays
fridays and tuesday
fridays and mondays
fridays and monday
friday and sundays
friday and sunday
friday and saturdays
friday and saturday
friday and fridays
friday and friday
friday and thursdays
friday and thursday
friday and wednesdays
friday and wednesday
friday and tuesdays
friday and tuesday
friday and mondays
friday and monday
thursdays and sundays
thursdays and sunday
thursdays and saturdays
thursdays and saturday
thursdays and fridays
thursdays and friday
thursdays and thursdays
thursdays and thursday
thursdays and wednesdays
thursdays and wednesday
thursdays and tuesdays
thursdays and tuesday
thursdays and mondays
thursdays and monday
thursday and sundays
thursday and sunday
thursday and saturdays
thursday and saturday
thursday and fridays
thursday and friday
thursday and thursdays
thursday and thursday
thursday and wednesdays
thursday and wednesday
thursday and tuesdays
thursday and tuesday
thursday and mondays
thursday and monday
wednesdays and sundays
wednesdays and sunday
wednesdays and saturdays
wednesdays and saturday
wednesdays and fridays
wednesdays and friday
wednesdays and thursdays
wednesdays and thursday
wednesdays and wednesdays
wednesdays and wednesday
wednesdays and tuesdays
wednesdays and tuesday
wednesdays and mondays
wednesdays and monday
wednesday and sundays
wednesday and sunday
wednesday and saturdays
wednesday and saturday
wednesday and fridays
wednesday and friday
wednesday and thursdays
wednesday and thursday
wednesday and wednesdays
wednesday and wednesday
wednesday and tuesdays
wednesday and tuesday
wednesday and mondays
wednesday and monday
tuesdays and sundays
tuesdays and sunday
tuesdays and saturdays
tuesdays and saturday
tuesdays and fridays
tuesdays and friday
tuesdays and thursdays
tuesdays and thursday
tuesdays and wednesdays
tuesdays and wednesday
tuesdays and tuesdays
tuesdays and tuesday
tuesdays and mondays
tuesdays and monday
tuesday and sundays
tuesday and sunday
tuesday and saturdays
tuesday and saturday
tuesday and fridays
tuesday and friday
tuesday and thursdays
tuesday and thursday
tuesday and wednesdays
tuesday and wednesday
tuesday and tuesdays
tuesday and tuesday
tuesday and mondays
tuesday and monday
mondays and sundays
mondays and sunday
mondays and saturdays
mondays and saturday
mondays and fridays
mondays and friday
mondays and thursdays
mondays and thursday
mondays and wednesdays
mondays and wednesday
mondays and tuesdays
mondays and tuesday
mondays and mondays
mondays and monday
monday and sundays
monday and sunday
monday and saturdays
monday and saturday
monday and fridays
monday and friday
monday and thursdays
monday and thursday
monday and wednesdays
monday and wednesday
monday and tuesdays
monday and tuesday
monday and mondays
monday and monday
noon
midnight
afghanistan
åland islands
albania
algeria
american samoa
andorra
angola
anguilla
antarctica
antigua and barbuda
argentina
armenia
aruba
australia
austria
azerbaijan
the bahamas
bahrain
bangladesh
barbados
belarus
belgium
belize
benin
bermuda
bhutan
bolivia
bonaire
bosnia and herzegovina
botswana
bouvet island
brazil
british indian ocean territory
united states minor outlying islands
virgin islands
brunei
bulgaria
burkina faso
burundi
cambodia
cameroon
canada
cape verde
cayman islands
central african republic
chad
chile
china
christmas island
cocos ( keeling ) islands
colombia
comoros
republic of the congo
democratic republic of the congo
cook islands
costa rica
croatia
cuba
curaçao
cyprus
czech republic
denmark
djibouti
dominica
dominican republic
ecuador
egypt
el salvador
equatorial guinea
eritrea
estonia
ethiopia
falkland islands
faroe islands
fiji
finland
france
french guiana
french polynesia
french southern and antarctic lands
gabon
the gambia
georgia
germany
ghana
gibraltar
greece
greenland
grenada
guadeloupe
guam
guatemala
guernsey
guinea
guinea-bissau
guyana
haiti
heard island and mcdonald islands
holy see
honduras
hong kong
hungary
iceland
india
indonesia
ivory coast
iran
iraq
republic of ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
jamaica
japan
jersey
jordan
kazakhstan
kenya
kiribati
kuwait
kyrgyzstan
laos
latvia
lebanon
lesotho
liberia
libya
liechtenstein
lithuania
luxembourg
macau
republic of macedonia
madagascar
malawi
malaysia
maldives
mali
malta
marshall islands
martinique
mauritania
mauritius
mayotte
mexico
federated states of micronesia
moldova
monaco
mongolia
montenegro
montserrat
morocco
mozambique
myanmar
namibia
nauru
nepal
netherlands
new caledonia
new zealand
nicaragua
niger
nigeria
niue
norfolk island
north korea
northern mariana islands
norway
oman
pakistan
palau
palestine
panama
papua new guinea
paraguay
peru
philippines
pitcairn islands
poland
portugal
puerto rico
qatar
republic of kosovo
réunion
romania
russia
rwanda
saint barthélemy
saint helena
saint kitts and nevis
saint lucia
saint martin
saint pierre and miquelon
saint vincent and the grenadines
samoa
san marino
são tomé and príncipe
saudi arabia
senegal
serbia
seychelles
sierra leone
singapore
sint maarten
slovakia
slovenia
solomon islands
somalia
south africa
south georgia
south korea
south sudan
spain
sri lanka
sudan
suriname
svalbard and jan mayen
swaziland
sweden
switzerland
syria
taiwan
tajikistan
tanzania
thailand
east timor
togo
tokelau
tonga
trinidad and tobago
tunisia
turkey
turkmenistan
turks and caicos islands
tuvalu
uganda
ukraine
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
uzbekistan
vanuatu
venezuela
vietnam
wallis and futuna
western sahara
yemen
zambia
zimbabwe
Arabic
Catalan
Czech
Danish
German
Greek
English
Spanish
Finnish
French
Hebrew
Hindi
Croatian
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korea
Norwegian
Dutch
Polish
Portuguese
Brazilian Portuguese
European Portuguese
Romanian
Moldavian
Russian
Slovak
Slovenia
Serbian
Swedish
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Vietnamese
Chinese
Asia
Southern Asia
Europe
Northern Europe
Southern Europe
Africa
Northern Africa
Oceania
Polynesia
Middle Africa
Americas
Caribbean
Polar
South America
Western Asia
Australia and New Zealand
Western Europe
Eastern Europe
Central America
Western Africa
Northern America
Southern Africa
Eastern Africa
South-Eastern Asia
Eastern Asia
Melanesia
Micronesia
Central Asia
random
default
primary
normal
chrome
chromium
browser
nautilus
files
file explorer
terminal
gnome terminal
command line
gedit
g edit
text edit
text editor
textedit
notepad
full
bright
half
dim
low
auto
automatic
full
bright
half
dim
low
auto
automatic
default
alice blue
antique white
aqua
aquamarine
azure
beige
bisque
black
blanched almond
blue
blue violet
brown
burly wood
cadet blue
chartreuse
chocolate
coral
cornflower blue
cornsilk
crimson
cyan
dark blue
dark cyan
dark golden rod
dark gray
dark grey
dark green
dark khaki
dark magenta
dark olive green
dark orange
dark orchid
dark red
dark salmon
dark sea green
dark slate blue
dark slate gray
dark slate grey
dark turquoise
dark violet
deep pink
deep sky blue
dim gray
dim grey
dodger blue
fire brick
floral white
forest green
fuchsia
gainsboro
ghost white
gold
golden rod
gray
grey
green
green yellow
honey dew
hot pink
indian red
indigo
ivory
khaki
lavender
lavender blush
lawn green
lemon chiffon
ligh blue
light coral
light cyan
light golden rod yellow
light gray
light grey
light green
light pink
light salmon
light sea green
light sky blue
light slate gray
light slate grey
light steel blue
light yellow
lime
lime green
linen
magenta
maroon
medium aqua marine
medium blue
medium orchid
medium purple
medium sea green
medium slate blue
medium spring green
medium turquoise
medium violet red
midnight blue
mint cream
misty rose
moccasin
navajo white
navy
old lace
olive
olive drab
orange
orange red
orchid
pale golden rod
pale green
pale turquoise
pale violet red
papaya whip
peach puff
peru
pink
plum
powder blue
purple
rebecca purple
red
rosy brown
royal blue
saddle brown
salmon
sandy brown
sea green
sea shell
sienna
silver
sky blue
slate blue
slate gray
slate grey
snow
spring green
steel blue
tan
teal
thistle
tomato
turquoise
violet
wheat
white
white smoke
yellow
yellow green
all
:0
:0 :0
:0 :0 :0
neon
leon
nyan
send
draft
start
create
message
shout
text
Crystal Ball
Mirror mirror
future
tomorrow
Tell me
What
Number Guess
number guessing game
Play
Start a game
Let's
Let us
Why don't we
How about we
We should
show audio player example
show audio delegate example
show video player example
show proportional delegate example
show autofit label example
show proportional wrap text example
show autofit label wrap text example
show sliding image example
show gui examples
show gui test examples
show examples menu
show html url example
show simple text example
show events example
show list view example
show html raw example
show paginated text example
show simple image example
license
extended
long
complete
full
neon
leon
nyan
my skills
your skills
what you can do
what can you do
installed skills
tell me
list
client
clients
connection
connections
crack
hack
deauth
deauthenticate
disconnect
dee auth
dee authenticate
devices
interfaces
device
interface
list
scan
monitor
monitoring
dump
dumping
wireless networks
networks
wireless network
network
wifi network
wifi networks
password
pass word
select
use
start
begin
stop
end
neon
leon
nyan
me on
alarm
alarms
wake me up
alert
alerts
all
every
a
an
the
for
me
at
am
pm
remind
cancel
clear
remove
sunday
monday
tuesday
wednesday
thursday
friday
saturday
sundays
mondays
tuesdays
wednesdays
thursdays
fridays
saturdays
dismiss
got it
okay
cancel
quiet
stop
silence
shut up
clear
end
exit
end
disable
wake up
miss anything
missed anything
what did i miss
what have i missed
appointment
event
everyday
every day
daily
nightly
every morning
every afternoon
every evening
every night
how much time is left
timer status
how long
list my
list all my
list all of my
tell me my
tell me all my
tell me all of my
read my
read all my
read all of my
read me my
read me all my
read me all of my
show my
show me my
show me all my
show me all of my
what are my
are there any
next
playable
playback
audible
audio
speakable
voice
recording
recorded
replay
priority
priority level
reminder
reminders
every
repeating
script
skill file
file
set
create
add
make
start
remind me
tell me to
snooze
wait
hold
go to sleep
quiet hours
nap time
do not disturb me
hour
hours
minute
minutes
day
days
timer
timers
time
until
weekday
weekdays
week day
week days
weekend
weekends
week end
week ends
explain
summary
describe
tell me more
delete
erase
remove
record
recording
run
play
replay
playback
reproduce
running
playing
replaying
reproducing
end
stop
cancel
play this music
play some
play
play
avplay
search for this song
search for this band
i want to listen to
i want to hear
ask youtube
yes
sure
proceed
continue
begin
start
go ahead
lets do it
do it
of course
actually do
changed my mind
no
dont
not
do not
stop
break
leave
quit
end
not now
that's enough
enough
playlist
mix
album
radio
neon
leon
nyan
av
a v
av music
a v music
pause
pause now
resume
proceed
continue
next
previous
skip
back
last
forward
on repeat
repeat
on loop
repeat
forever
video
tutorial
show
in bandcamp
in band camp
at bandcamp
at band camp
on bandcamp
on band camp
from bandcamp
from band camp
search bandcamp
search band camp
search bandcamp for
search band camp for
bandcamp for
band camp for
bandcamp
band camp
stop
bitchute
ID03
show bitchute homepage
take me to bitchute homepage
open bitchute homepage
pause bitchute
resume bitchute
search bitchute for
animate that
create animation
sun animation
video of that
video for that
picture
image
photo
imagery
day
tell me caffeine content of
tell me caffiene content of
tell me the caffeine content of
tell me the caffiene content of
goodbye
thats all
that is all
were done
we're done
we are done
no i do not
no
not now
i am done
nevermind
update caffeine wiz database
update caffeine database
yes i do
i do
i would
yes i would
yes
ok
okay
sure
caffeine
caffiene
caff
cult cinema
movie classics
cinema classics
cult movie classics
cult cinema classics
classic
classics
horror
movie
movies
film
films
play
start
trailer
movie trailer
video
videos
explain
summary
describe
tell me more
latest
last
most recent
new
newest
horror
movie
movies
film
films
old
old time
classic
pic fixer
picfixer
play
start
public domain
scifi
sci fi
sci-fi
science fiction
video
videos
again
ingredient
ingredients
what are
tell me
what was
what were
config
configuration
setting
update
reload
sync
synchronize
location
city
state
country
place
what
what is
give me
tell me
listener
wake word listener
wake word engine
wake word
hot word engine
pocketsphinx
precise
snow boy
snowboy
default
name
precise
mycroft precise
precise model
model
set
make
assign
change
using
what
tell me
where
where am I
where are you
where you at
born
birth
birthday
confucius
die
death
live
alive
quote
say
saying
live
alive
adjust
modify
set
imperial
american
12
audio
audio
home control
home
default
blink
blinker
blinks
tell me my blink commands
tell me my blinker menu
tell me my blinker process menu
neon brain
brain
system brain
debug window
i will call you
your new name is
change your name to
change
switch
update
set
clappper
clapper process
clap commands
club commands
clapper
clap
clapp
claps
tell me my clap commands
tell me my clapper menu
tell me my clapper process menu
commands
actions
options
gestures
confirm listening
listening confirmation
ding
no
nevermind
never mind
yes
continue
go ahead
begin
start
decrease
lower
deny
quit
end
disable
hesitation
increase
raise
location
military
24
european
full
metric
mute mic after silence
silence mic when I am silent
close mic if i am silent
mute microphone after silence
silence microphone when I am silent
close microphone if i am silent
stop listening after
silence my mic
my
my system
neon
leon
nyan
on startup
by default
permit
allow
start
begin
enable
turn on
scene
settings
set
preset
set
change
setting
settings
gestures
gesture
action
commands
command
function
setup
set up
configuration
first run
calibrate
showing
displaying
display
show
faster
slower
normally
clapper
clap
clapp
claps
talk to me
tell me
what are
list
text
sensitivity
threshold
time
timezone
time zone
to
transcription
transcribing
transcription
text
audio
text
units
measuring system
wake word
ww
wake words
wakeword
with
while
what
how many
tell me
that
where is that
neon
leon
nyan
update my conversations
update my scripts
update my conversation scripts
update my script files
update my skill files
set my startup script to
email me
send me
script
skill file
file
tell me available script files
what scripts are available
tell me skill files that i have
what are skill files that i have
what skill files do i have
tell me my scripts
tell me your scripts
tell me my skill files
list my skill files
list my scripts
Cut Up
Randomize
Maximum
Minimum
Randomness
Set
Config
Set Config
radio theatre
audio theatre
radio drama
audio drama
illustrated reading
comic
comics
motion comic
visual story
visual comic
motion comic
animated comic
dagon
lovecraft
h p lovecraft
h. p. lovecraft
play
start
reading
readings
read
audiobook
audio book
book
story
short story
audio theatre
radio theatre
theatre
video
illustrated reading
date
day
display
show
what
tell
time
more
another
today in history
historical events
events in history
tell me more
know more
continue
Decide
What should I wear
What should I eat
game
deezer
in deezer
deezer for
on deezer
at deezer
music
full album
brand
brands
company
companies
caches
cached
cache
cookies
cookie
clear my user
i want to clear
i want to erase
clear all
clear my
clear the
erase all
erase my
erase the
delete all
delete my
delete the
reset all
reset my
reset the
go ahead
data
info
information
exit
dislikes
ignored
ignored brands
language
languages
like
likes
liked brands
brands i like
what i like
pictures
picture
photos
photo
media
videos
video
preferences
settings
options
primary
default
profile
account
random
i want you to
selected
selected transcripts
selected transcriptions
selected transcript
selected transcription
transcribed likes
transcript
transcripts
transcription
transcriptions
neon
leon
nyan
no
nope
nah
negative
nevermind
never mind
shutdown
shut down
solo mode
start
begin
allow
enter
skip
begin skipping
allow skipping
start skipping
stop
end
quit
deny
stop skipping
quit skipping
deny skipping
end skipping
require
use
begin requiring
update my neon device
update my device software
check for updates
wake words
awake words
weight words
wakewords
awakewords
weightwords
yes
yeah
yep
sure
please
confirm
confirmed
affirmative
go ahead
nevermind
never mind
forget it
dismiss
dismissed
go away
nothing
ignore
abort
teaser
trailer
behind the scenes
official trailer
reddit documentaries
documentaries
documentary
reddit documentary
reddit
red it
read it
dust
dust skill
horror
movie
movies
film
films
play
start
scifi
sci fi
sci-fi
science fiction
short
trailer
video
videos
atlanta
atlanta radio
atlanta radio theatre
atlanta theatre
atlanta audio theatre
radio theatre
audio theatre
radio drama
audio drama
color out of space
color of space
colour out of space
colour of space
horror theatre
epic horror theatre
horror
innsmouth
shadow over innsmouth
the shadow over innsmouth
the shadow of innsmouth
shadow of innsmouth
lovecraft
h p lovecraft
h. p. lovecraft
mountains of madness
mountain madness
mountain of madness
at mountains of madness
at mountain madness
at mountain of madness
at the mountains of madness
at the mountain madness
at the mountain of madnes
play
start
reading
readings
read
audiobook
audio book
book
story
short story
audio theatre
radio theatre
theatre
German
English
Spanish
euro
european
euro news
euronews
French
Italian
news
Portuguese
video
brain
memory
mind
everything
forget
reset
what is
what will
what did
what does
what do
where is
where will
where did
where does
where do
when is
when will
when did
when does
when do
who is
who will
who did
who does
who do
why is
why will
why did
why does
why do
tell
give
what
email
send
source
sources
detail
details
read recipe
search recipes
search recipes containing
search recipes with
show recipe of
show recipes with
show recipes slideshow
another
one more
another one
give me more
next
after
picture
image
photo
imagery
comic
show
cartoon
previous
before
go back
animate that
create animation
sun animation
video of that
video for that
atmosphere
heliosphere
photosphere
EIT
Extreme ultraviolet Imaging Telescope
ultra violet
ultraviolet
ultra violet telescope
high
upper
inner
small
smaller
c2
c 2
see to
LASCO
Large Angle Spectrometric Coronagraph
Coronagraph
solar corona
coronal image
solar Coronagraph
sun Coronagraph
sun corona
low
lower
magnetic
magnetic field
magnetogram
magnetosphere
mdi
Michelson Doppler Imager
next
after
large
larger
big
outer
c3
c 3
picture
image
photo
imagery
day
show
previous
before
go back
sun
solar
heliosphere
temperature
degrees
kelvin
visible
visible light
visible spectrum
Continuum
hmiigr
hello world
greetings
how are you
how have you been
how has your day been
thank you
thanks
activate
fire
call up
trigger
scene
automation
script
decrease
down
where is
locate
location
where
increase
up
brighten
brighter
bright
up
dim
dimmer
dark
darken
lower
down
light
lights
lamp
lamps
bulb
bulbs
l.e.d.
turn on
turn off
toggle
state
status
sensor
detector
value
read out
what is the current
what is current
tell me the current
tell me current
give me the value of
what is the value of thermostat
set
turn
switch
audiobook
audio book
reading
story reading
book reading
horror
horror babble
horrorbabble
horror story
lovecraftian story
horror reading
lovecraftian reading
horror audiobook
lovecraftian audiobook
horror audio book
lovecraftian audio book
weird tales
weird tale
play
start
video
videos
episode
podcast
H P Podcraft
Lovecraft Literary Podcast
Lovecraft Podcast
lovecraft
h p lovecraft
h. p. lovecraft
reading
readings
read
audiobook
audio book
book
story
short story
explain
summary
describe
tell me more
Hubble
Edwin Hubble
Edwin Powell Hubble
hubble telescope
hubble space telescope
hubble
how
how does
instruments
experiments
science
latest
last
most recent
new
newest
of the day
where
what is the position
what is the current position
what is the location
what is the current location
tell me more
why
explain
know more
work
function
install
IP address
IP
network address
how
what
tell
show
how many
number
total
ISS
I S S
space station
international space station
on board
on the
aboard
staying
who
person
persons
people
adult
sexy
sex
dirty
raunchy
naughty
chuck
chuck norris
joke
make me laugh
brighten my day
tell me joke
neutral
non-offensive
geeky
horror
indie
kings of horror
movie
movies
film
films
play
start
video
videos
calculate
search this computer for
search this
search computer for
search file
search filename
search the computer for
search system
system
system search
system search file
find file
search file
display recent
display recent files
display recent documents
recent documents
recent files
laugh
laughing
laughs
laughter
abort
cancel
stop
go to
navigate to
browse to
launch
lunch
open
neon
leon
nyan
learn
teach
show
teacher
keep
private
personal
secret
confidential
save
to you
can you
do you want
want
can
may i
something
some
anything
abort
stop
exit
stop
humor
joke
fun
funny
love
fervor
emotions
science
knowledge
know-how
brightness
luminosity
darken
dull
fade
dim
blacken
decrease
down
brighten
lighten
illuminate
intensify
increase
up
off
disable
on
enable
saturation
intensity
temp
warmth
colortemp
kelvin
color temperature
turn
set
change
toggle
switch
make
add
create
remove
list
lists
which
what
there are no saved routes
arrival
arrivals
times
arrival times
next bus
next busses
list
list my
list all
forget
remove
delete
nuke
route
bus route
for route
for bus route
silverline 1
silverline 2
silverline to
silverline 3
silverline 4
silverline for
silverline 5
crosstown 1
crosstown 2
crosstown 3
SL1
SL2
SL3
SL4
SL5
CT1
CT2
CT3
1
4
5
7
8
9
10
11
14
15
16
17
18
19
21
22
23
24
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
34E
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
47
50
51
52
55
57
57A
57 A
59
60
62
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
70A
70 A
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
99
100
101
104
105
106
108
109
110
111
112
114
116
117
119
120
121
131
132
134
136
137
170
171
195
201
202
210
211
212
214
215
216
217
220
221
222
225
230
236
238
240
245
325
326
350
351
352
354
411
424
426
428
429
430
434
435
436
439
441
442
448
449
450
451
455
456
459
465
501
502
503
504
505
553
554
556
558
710
712
713
714
716
routes
save
shortcut
shotcut
shortcuts
shutdown
shut down
t bus
transit
track
tracking
start tracking
neon
leon
nyan
send
draft
start
create
email
klat
message
shout
no
cancel
discard
nope
stop
dont
do not
text
sms
yes
confirm
affirmative
send
okay
go
sure
ok
why
all
running
cancel
turn off
kill
delete
stop
mute
silence
quiet
timer
timers
check
any new
anything new
episodes
tv shows
shows
go to sleep
nap time
sleepy time tea
sleepytime tea
explain
summary
describe
tell me more
describe
tell me about
in
in the state of
located in
list
alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
district of columbia
washington dc
dc
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming
national park
national parks
repeat national parks quiz
quiz me on national parks
where is
Catalan
Catalonia
German
English
australia
australian
canada
canadian
british
united kingdom
UK
america
american
united states
Spanish
euro
european
euronews
finland
finnish
French
france
France24
France 24
France twenty four
France twenty fourth
Italian
Italy
news
dutch
Nederlands
Netherlands
Portuguese
Portugal
Russia Today
russian
russia
sweden
swedish
video
news
play
what is
start
latest
old world
fallout
old world radio
radio
station
radio station
story teller
storyteller
tunes and tales
tales and tunes
vintage
horror
movie
movies
film
films
omeleto
omeleto skill
play
start
scifi
sci fi
sci-fi
science fiction
short
trailer
video
videos
unit
device
mycroft
mark one
mark two
pair
pairing
register
change
switch
play
debug
debugging
skip
next
off
on
pandora
pandora's
pianobar
piano bar
pause
start
play
list
what
resume
song
track
tune
stations
station
channel
channels
radio
parrot
parroting
repeating what i say
repeating everything
repeating me
stop
disengage
off
abort
offline
cancel
disable
what are you
when were you born
when were you created
where were you born
where were you created
who are you
who made you
who were you made by
who created you
who built you
and
to
too
two
between
from
number
value
pick
choose
select
about
accountant
airport
alien
aliens
extraterrestrial
extraterrestrials
ET
animal
anime
artist
astronomy
atheist
australian
avengers
back to school
school
bad
baseball
basketball
beach
big bang theory
biker
biochem
bio chemistry
biochemistry
black friday
bollywood
book worm
bowling
brand name
breaking bad
breakup
break up
buddhist
business
call of duty
canadian
car
casino
catholic
celebrity
cheerleader
cheesy
chocolate
christian
christmas
coffee
computer
cowboy
croatian
crude
czech
denmark
dentist
desi
disney
doctor
doctor who
dog
drake
dutch
easter
economics
engineering
engineer
ethnicity
fencing
filipino
finnish
firefighter
fire fighter
food
football
fortnite
french
game of thrones
gay
lesbian
lgbt
homosexual
germany
ghetto
golf
gothic
gym
halloween
halo
harry potter
himym
hindu
historical
hockey
hunger games
icecream
iceland
independence
indonesian
islamic
italian
jamaican
jewish
justin bieber
lacrosse
law
league legends
league of legends
lotr
lord of the rings
lord of rings
madmen
magic
marijuana
mario
math
mean
medieval
memes
mexican
military
minecraft
modelun
mormon
movie
music festival
music
festival
musician
norway
nye
olympics
physics
pickup line
pick up line
pirate
pizza
pokemon
police
polish
political
portuguese
portugal
psychology
random
real estate
redneck
red neck
rejections
robot
satprep
scientology
scifi
sci fi
science fiction
science
senior
shakespeare
soccer
spanish
spain
stockmarket
stock market
stpattys
superman
sweden
tall
tennis
thanksgiving
tinder
travel
tree hugger
trump
twilight
twitter
valentines day
valentine day
vegan
videogame
video game
games
volleyball
volley ball
waitress
walking dead
warcraft
wedding
women
female
girl
yoga
zelda
create a new activity
create new activity
create activity
start a new activity
create new activities
start new activities
create activities
new activity
new activities
remove activity
remove the activity
delete activity
delete the activity
show current activities
show activities
activities
display current activities
display activities
kill current activity
kill activity
switch current activity
switch to activity
switch activity
next
skip
pause
play resume
resume play
previous
go back
go back one
resume
unpause
track
song
ability
abilities
detailed info
detailed information
some info
some information
info
information
flavor text
pokedex say
pokedex
against
attack
base
base stat
base stats
capture
capture rate
rate of capture
catch
catch rate
color
defense
effective
effectiveness
good
bad
damage
egg
egg group
eggs
egg groups
hatch from
hatch
hatches
feet
inches
pounds
evolve
evolution
evolves
comes
turn
experience
e x p
exp
ex points
experience points
experienced
final
last
first
base
simple
simplest
form
from
before
previous
game
pokemon version
generation
gen
hp
h p
health
habitat
lives
live
home
happiness
happy
feel
feeling
friendship
friendly
height
tall
big
id
number
i d
pokedex
into
to
next
after
when
will
how
introduced
first seen
learn
meters
c m
cm
kilograms
kilo-grams
grams
kg
k g
move
nature
like
Pokemon
shape
shaped
special
speed
fast
type
types
weight
weigh
heavy
weighs
mass
fat
what
who
when
how
where
art
artistic
fun
funny
inspire
inspirational
life
love
management
quote of the day
quote of today
today's quote
today quote
said that
quote from
said that
said quote
says that
said so
said that quote
said the quote
sports
sport
student
students
academic
school
who
what person
invoking test
invoke test
invoke release test
release test
released test
All
did
forget
phrase
phrases
remember
you
all
all my
1
2
next
following
remind
notify
notify me
remind me
reminder
set reminder
erase
cancel
delete
remove
reminder
reminders
notification
notifications
show
list
off
end
stop
exact time
tell me more
tell me about it
know more
elaborate
what is the mission
what is mission
what mission
mission description
describe mission
about mission
rocket launch
space launch
rocket launch
space launch
space flight
next
after
picture
image
photo
imagery
day
previous
before
official
youtube
you tube
sing
sing me a song
Accept
Answer
Accept Call
Answer Call
and say
Call
hang up
end call
stop
exit
Hold call
put call on hold
place call on hold
hold
mute
mute call
reject
hang up
reject call
hang up call
hang call
hang
doom
metal
music
song
songs
album
full album
play
start
stoned meadow of doom
stoned meadow doom
smod
stoner
stoned
video
videos
soundcloud
play next song
soundcloud next song
goto next track
play next track
pause soundcloud
play previous song
soundcloud previous song
goto previous track
plat previous track
resume soundcloud
music
play
start
radio
web radio
livestream
live stream
soviet wave
sovietwave
soviet synthwave
soviet synth wave
video
videos
news
next
after
more
open
show
picture
image
photo
imagery
previous
before
space
website
site
webpage
web page
web site
speak
say
repeat
how fast is my connection
how slow is my connection
how fast is my internet
how slow is my internet
check my internet speed
test my internet speed
internet speed test
run speed test
run a speed test
start speed test
start a speed test
run
speedtest
speed test
spell
spell word
spelling of
spelling of word
device
unit
devices
units
for
for album
for the album
for artist
for the artist
search
look for
spotify
using spotify
with spotify
on Spotify
transfer
move
stephen hawking
born
birth
birthday
die
death
quote
stop
silence
shut up
be quiet
to
for
as
a
make
set
add
synonym
alias
yes
sure
proceed
continue
begin
start
go ahead
lets do it
do it
of course
actually do
changed my mind
no
dont
not
do not
stop
break
leave
quit
end
not now
that's enough
enough
i prefer
i choose
neon
leon
nyan
only speak to me in one language
no secondary language
speak only in my primary language
only use primary for language
use only primary language
only use my primary language
my language is
my preferred language is
i speak
my only language is
i only speak
tell me my language settings
what is my language
what is my input language
what are my input languages
what are my language settings
show me language menu
language menu
talk to me in
talk to me only in
speak to me in
speak to me only in
speak in
speak only in
tts in
my output language is
my output languages are
i will speak to you
i will talk to you
i want to speak in
i want to talk in
i am speaking in
start listening for
starts listening for
stt in
my input language is
translate
two
both
and
male
female
arabic
chinese mandarin
mandarin chinese
danish
dutch
english australian
english british
english indian
english us
english welsh
australian english
british english
indian english
us english
welsh english
canadian french
french canadian
hindi
german
icelandic
italian
japanese
korean
norwegian
polish
portuguese brazilian
portuguese european
brazilian portuguese
european portuguese
romanian
russian
spanish european
spanish mexican
spanish us
european spanish
mexican spanish
us spanish
swedish
turkish
welsh
english
portuguese
spanish
chinese
french
afrikaans
amharic
armenian
azerbaijani
indonesian
malay
bengali
catalan
czech
danish
german
english
english
spanish
spanish
spanish
basque
filipino
french
french
galician
georgian
gujarati
croatian
zulu
icelandic
italian
javanese
kannada
khmer
lao
latvian
lithuanian
hungarian
malayalam
marathi
dutch
nepali
norwegian
polish
portuguese
portuguese
romanian
sinhala
slovak
slovenian
sundanese
swahili
finnish
swedish
tamil
telugu
vietnamese
turkish
urdu
greek
bulgarian
russian
serbian
ukrainian
hebrew
arabic
persian
hindi
thai
korean
taiwanese
chinese
japanese
chinese
black metal
music
song
songs
album
full album
play
start
true cult
trve kvlt
true kult
trve cult
video
videos
available
configurable
permitted
permited
allowed
change
switch
make
current
current
present
actual
active
activated
turned on
selected
configured
demo
show
showcase
rotate
demonstrate
play all
lang
langs
language
languages
tts
t t s
text to speech
text to speak
voice
voices
speech
alan pope
pope
alan black
black
bing
croak
croaked
engine
module
engines
modules
espeak
e speak
robotic
f 1
f 2
f 3
f 4
f 5
f1
f2
f3
f4
f5
female 1
female 2
female 3
female 4
female 5
m1
m2
m3
m4
m5
m6
m7
m 1
m 2
m 3
m 4
m 5
m 6
m 7
male 1
male 2
male 3
male 4
male 5
male 6
male 7
female
google
ibm
watson
Kevin Lenzo
Kevin
Lenzo
male
mary
mimic
mimic1
mimic 1
mimic one
first mimic
1 mimic
mimic 2
mimic two
mimic to
mimic too
mimic2
second mimic
2 mimic
remote mycroft
server mycroft
backend mycroft
mycroft backend
mycroft server
remote mimic
backend mimic
server mimic
Kusal
slt
ap
kal
polly
amazon
Salli
Joanna
Ivy
Kendra
Kimberly
Matthew
Justin
Joey
responsive voice
Richard Marshall Stallman
Richard
Richard Marshall
Richard Stallman
Marshall Stallman
Stallman
Stefanie L. Tomko
Stefanie L Tomko
Stefanie Tomko
slt
s l t
Stefanie
whisper
whispers
whispered
yandex
change wallpaper type
change wallpaper
new wallpaper type
new wallpaper
check
find
running
what is
platform build
platform version
firmware version
version
code
release
system software
cloud
clouds
equator
gaps
holes
strips
black
less zoom
decrease zoom
reduce zoom
zoom out
max
maximum
min
minimum
more zoom
increase zoom
zoom in
next
after
picture
image
photo
imagery
day
previous
before
set zoom
change zoom
maximum zoom
minimum zoom
why
explain
Accept
Answer
Accept Call
Answer Call
and say
Call
Hold call
put call on hold
place call on hold
hold
mute
mute call
reject
hang up
reject call
hang up call
hang call
hang
lower
reduce
decrease
turn down
quieter
down
rise
raise
boost
increase
turn up
louder
up
higher
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
quiet
normal
loud
mute
silence
reset
unmute
restore
volume
speaker
audio
sound
lower
reduce
decrease
turn down
quieter
less loud
rise
raise
boost
increase
turn up
louder
quiet
normal
loud
device mic
device microphone
mic
microphone
input
mike
mute
silence
disable
turn off
percent
what
tell me
get
say
speak
set
adjust
reset
unmute
restore
volume
speaker
speakers
audio
sound
mic
microphone
input
output
talk
AVPorn
AV Porn
av
AbandonedPorn
Abandoned Porn
abandoned
AdPorn
Ad Porn
ad
AdrenalinePorn
Adrenaline Porn
adrenaline
AerialPorn
Aerial Porn
aerial
AgriculturePorn
Agriculture Porn
agriculture
AlbumArtPorn
Album Art Porn
album art
AmateurEarthPorn
Amateur Earth Porn
amateur earth
AmateurPhotography
Amateur Photography
amateur photography
AnimalPorn
Animal Porn
animal
ApocalypsePorn
Apocalypse Porn
apocalypse
ArchitecturePorn
Architecture Porn
architecture
ArtPorn
Art Porn
art
ArtefactPorn
Artefact Porn
artefact
ArtistOfTheDay
Artist Of The Day
artist of the day
AutumnPorn
Autumn Porn
autumn
BackgroundArt
Background Art
background art
BeachPorn
Beach Porn
beach
BoatPorn
Boat Porn
boat
BonsaiPorn
Bonsai Porn
bonsai
BookPorn
Book Porn
book
BotanicalPorn
Botanical Porn
botanical
BridgePorn
Bridge Porn
bridge
CabinPorn
Cabin Porn
cabin
CarPorn
Car Porn
car
CemeteryPorn
Cemetery Porn
cemetery
ChurchPorn
Church Porn
church
CityPorn
City Porn
city
ClimbingPorn
Climbing Porn
climbing
ComicBookPorn
Comic Book Porn
comic book
Conservation
Conservation
conservation
CulinaryPorn
Culinary Porn
culinary
DesertPorn
Desert Porn
desert
DesignPorn
Design Porn
design
DessertPorn
Dessert Porn
dessert
DestructionPorn
Destruction Porn
destruction
EarthPorn
Earth Porn
earth
EarthPornVids
Earth Porn Vids
earth vids
EarthlingPorn
Earthling Porn
earthling
ExposurePorn
Exposure Porn
exposure
EyeCandy
Eye Candy
eye candy
F1Porn
Formula1 Porn
formula1
FWEPP
FWEPP
fwepp
FashionPorn
Fashion Porn
fashion
FirePorn
Fire Porn
fire
FoodPorn
Food Porn
food
FossilPorn
Fossil Porn
fossil
FractalPorn
Fractal Porn
fractal
FuturePorn
Future Porn
future
GamerPorn
Gamer Porn
gamer
GeekPorn
Geek Porn
geek
GeologyPorn
Geology Porn
geology
GunPorn
Gun Porn
gun
HellscapePorn
Hellscape Porn
hellscape
HistoryPorn
History Porn
history
HousePorn
House Porn
house
HumanPorn
Human Porn
human
ITookAPicture
I Took A Picture
i took a picture
ImaginaryLandscapes
Imaginary Landscapes
imaginary landscapes
ImaginaryWildlands
Imaginary Wildlands
imaginary wildlands
IncredibleIndia
Incredible India
incredible india
InfraredPorn
Infrared Porn
infrared
InfrastructurePorn
Infrastructure Porn
infrastructure
InstrumentPorn
Instrument Porn
instrument
InterstellarArt
Interstellar Art
interstellar art
JoshuaTree
Joshua Tree
joshua tree
KnifePorn
Knife Porn
knife
LakePorn
Lake Porn
lake
LavaPorn
Lava Porn
lava
MTGPorn
MTG Porn
mtg
MachinePorn
Machine Porn
machine
MacroPorn
Macro Porn
macro
MegalithPorn
Megalith Porn
megalith
MetalPorn
Metal Porn
metal
MicroPorn
Micro Porn
micro
MilitaryPorn
Military Porn
military
MotorcyclePorn
Motorcycle Porn
motorcycle
MoviePosterPorn
Movie Poster Porn
movie poster
MushroomPorn
Mushroom Porn
mushroom
NZPhotos
NZ Photos
nz photos
NationalGeographic
National Geographic
national geographic
Nature
Nature
nature
NatureGifs
Nature Gifs
nature gifs
NaturePics
Nature Pics
nature pics
NewsPorn
News Porn
news
NotSafeForNature
Not Safe For Nature
not safe for nature
OrganizationPorn
Organization Porn
organization
PolicePorn
Police Porn
police
PowerWashingPorn
Power Washing Porn
power washing
QuotesPorn
Quotes Porn
quotes
random
RetailPorn
Retail Porn
retail
RidesPorn
Rides Porn
rides
RoomPorn
Room Porn
room
RuralPorn
Rural Porn
rural
Schweiz
Schweiz
schweiz
SeaPorn
Sea Porn
sea
SkyPorn
Sky Porn
sky
SpaceFlightPorn
Space Flight Porn
space flight
SpacePorn
Space Porn
space
SpecArt
Spec Art
spec art
SportsPorn
Sports Porn
sports
SpringPorn
Spring Porn
spring
StarshipPorn
Starship Porn
starship
SteamPorn
Steam Porn
steam
StreetArtPorn
Street Art Porn
street art
SummerPorn
Summer Porn
summer
TeaPorn
Tea Porn
tea
TechnologyPorn
Technology Porn
technology
TelevisionPosterPorn
Television Poster Porn
television poster
ThingsCutInHalfPorn
Things Cut In Half Porn
things cut in half
ToolPorn
Tool Porn
tool
UniformPorn
Uniform Porn
uniform
ViewPorn
View Porn
view
VillagePorn
Village Porn
village
WaterPorn
Water Porn
water
WeatherPorn
Weather Porn
weather
WinterPorn
Winter Porn
winter
drydockporn
Drydock Porn
drydock
next
after
previous
before
go back
remoteplaces
Remote Places
remote places
roadporn
Road Porn
road
sculptureporn
Sculpture Porn
sculpture
set
change
make
use
wallpapers
wallpaper
wall paper
wall papers
radio theatre
audio theatre
radio drama
audio drama
call
cthulhu
doorstep
door step
dunwich
Herbert West
horror
house
innsmouth
lovecraft
h p lovecraft
h. p. lovecraft
lurking fear
At The Mountains Of Madness
Mountains Of Madness
play
start
reading
readings
read
audiobook
audio book
book
story
short story
reanimator
re animator
red hook
shadow
shunned
the thing
thing
The tomb
tomb
To Virgil Finlay Upon His Drawing for Mr. Bloch’s Tale The Faceless God
Virgil Finlay Upon His Drawing The Faceless God
Virgil Finlay
Virgil Finlay Drawing The Faceless God
Virgil Finlay The Faceless God Drawing
To Virgil Finlay
wayne june
wayne jude
forecast
humid
humidity
steamy
next hour
next hours
few hours
next few hours
couple of hours
next couple of hours
later
Seattle
Los Angeles california
los angeles
la
Lawrence kansas
portland oregon
portland
spokane
new york
chicago
houston
austin
san diego
san francisco
san jose
boston
washington d c
atlanta
next
again
when
will
rain
snow
precipitation
rainy
snowy
how
what is
tell
when
sunrise
sun rise
dawn
daybreak
day break
sunset
sun set
dusk
weather
temperature
how cold
how chilly
how cool
how warm
how hot
rain
raining
snow
snowing
sleet
hail
hailing
sunny
sun
hot
warm
cold
cool
wind
windy
breezy
gusting
blowing
explain
summary
describe
tell me more
james webb space telescope
james webb telescope
james web space telescope
james web telescope
webb space telescope
webb telescope
web space telescope
web telescope
james webb
james web
webb
latest
last
most recent
new
newest
of the day
delete
play
goto
go to
save
savegame
saved
zork
mailbox
white house
more
continue
wiki
wikipedia
tell me about
tell us about
what does wikipedia say about
search
how to
how do i
how 2
wikihow
wiki how
random
repeat
say again
start over
from the beginning
tell me more
elaborate
describe
explain
explanation
continue
resume
next
after
pause
picture
image
photo
imagery
how to
guide
step by step
step
show
previous
before
go back
know more
tell me more
tell more
continue
brighten
raise
increase
dim
darken
lower
light
lights
overhead light
overhead light
on
off
tell
query
lit
is light on
flip
switch
turn
set
next
after
picture
image
photo
imagery
comic
xkcd
show
previous
before
go back
youtube
ID01
show youtube live search
pause youtube
resume youtube
search youtube for